Would Carrick, one of the most decorated English players of all time, make a good full-time manager in the long run?
We also care about you and love you.
The public relations Officer, Kampala water, Lyn Mbabazi said that the operation was intended to wipe out people who are engaged in illegal connection.
Karamojong youth attending International Youth Day celebrations.
E. Kamuntu, an economist, says the Constitution he has carried since he joined politics will help him in the new job.
#Elegu is aboarder point needs more much care.
"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up," Thomas A. Edison.
Who really was Elly Wamala?
"Life is too short, she panicked, I want more.
#Mondaymotivation: “Do what you can, with what you have, where you are”.
Besides, I’m scared of the way my family will react to the fact that I have another man only a few months after my former boyfriend left me.
We (gender) have expertise in terms of policy while finance has expertise in terms of investment.
Ugandan traders have a reprieve after talks between the Ugandan Trade minister David Wakikona and his Kenyan counterpart Moses Wetangula eased the flow of transport cargo through Mombasa port.
The induction took place on Friday.
New Vision also gives you details of where to go to register your land, what you need to take and how long the process will take.
Come PLAN YOUR WEDDING IN ONE DAY!
Man city is losing.
they work with we dont care its not our duty but KCCA.
Full STATEMENT BY IGP HERE:.
You could be one of the lucky ones to get a job in the revamped Uganda Airlines.
Scaling down to Uganda, a weekly status report in 2019 by the Ministry of Health showed 108,157 cases of malaria in one week with 41 deaths mostly from Kasese district.
The New Vision is with Alex Izama Mukulu and 5 others.
Beats By Deryk: Not all brides are conversant with makeup.
A government scheme to introduce national identity cards has run into trouble.
She says she employs more than 20 people and makes a profit of over 10,000 shillings (about $3.
Alenyo, speaking at the Ugandan UK convention at Troxy in East London, outlined the benefits of dual citizenship and announced that “Ugandans” seeking citizenship will from next month be able to register in London and also get national IDs.
#Offtheweb: Uganda musicians; Jose Chameleon's brother; Pallaso and sheebah.
Denis Hamson Obua, the Minister of State for Sports has said he wants to see that wrangles and squabbles within sports federations are reduced.
Uganda People's Congress (UPC) party president, Olara Otunnu, has said he will not seek another mandate as party president.
The Insurance Tower, an eleven-storeyed structure will be complete in 18 months and handed over in September 2019 -- see more at: https://goo.
Skills can give you wealth,” he said.
The Police said in a statement that at the time of his arrest, Kipoi was holding a meeting with some Ugandan security officers and Congolese rebel officers.
Put your tongue on the roof of your mouth when you do crunches.
The recruiter invited Abigail to a face-to-face interview about a week in the future.
Some of the concerts had the President of Uganda attend while others were attended by the Katikiro and some were attended by a President wannabe 👉.
The incident occurred in Beijengye parish, Kyabugimbi sub-county in Sheema district.
The Anti Riot Police in Mbarara on Monday engaged Ntare School students in running battles to stop them from attacking their counterparts at Mbarara High School.
In a controlled trial of 247 people with osteoarthritis of the knee, those who took ginger extract had less pain and required less pain medication .
Just a wastage of taxpayers monie.
He will put a lock down when it's late for the health department to handle.
Kcca has embarked on a new drive to take over four other gazetted public parks around the city from city tycoons.
The Democratic Youth leaders have asked the minister for internal affairs Gen.
Find out why she has been declared saint , who she is and more details here -http//.
See more at- .
The Absa Group has confirmed the death of its Executive Director and Deputy Group Chief Executive Peter Matlare.
These r not the thieves.
So let her continue paying for the food she has been eating.
While he was he visited Ug as a Country and GOVT friendly to ANC.
Manchester City and France international footballer Benjamin Mendy has been charged with a further count of rape.
The New Vision is with Mudangi Martin and 32 others.
"I called a friend abroad to get me market, and in just 30 minutes, she called back asking if I could deliver 300 boxes weekly”.
The New Vision is with Norbie Salvador.
Nakato wants to be an Architect while Babirye wants to be a doctor.
Check out & like @pakasa vision page for more.
According to modern building standards, every building must have fire safety and escape measures.
In an exclusive interview, she opens up about her about her experience in the aftermath of the leaked photos, controversies about age, plus her love life!
A study in South Africa showed that HIV prevalence among girls who had finished high school was about half that among girls who had not (8.
A police officer has been shot dead and a city employee critically injured following the shooting on the outskirts of Paris, according to local media .
“Upon her arrest, she injected herself with a certain drug which forced her to start vomiting and she claimed that she was sick.
Justice Paul Mugamba has also annulled the age limit amendment over the certificate of compliance.
The talks, which have been branded as "ACTIVATE talks", will involve innovators of products that are scalable and can help to improve equity amongst the world's children.
The New Vision is seeking to recruit young, dynamic and ambitious individuals for the position of Freelance ONLINE SUB EDITOR.
The New Vision is with Kayz Breezy.
Older people in more than 50 countries will on Thursday come together on the International Day of Older Persons to celebrate the ageing and draw attention to the issues they face.
Ec released a programme last week which indicated that the nominations of the candidates will take place in Kampala between March 31 and April 1.
Greed is in the v any shame are born with it.
2 percent, the electoral commission said.
A 70-year-old man in Ruteete sub-county Kibaale District has been discovered dead in a sugarcane plantation, his death linked to excessive alcohol consumption.
These oppositions are running mad and getting more confused!
This is how some of these laws become unpopular.
But one thing I pray 🙏 is that let justice take its course and those behind the killing can face life sentence in prison facilities.
He was not picked by Liverpool after the news emerged on April 23 and UEFA initially hit him with a 30-day suspension after he asked not for his B sample to be tested.
The committee is concerned that if not well managed, the process of quantifying recoverable costs for oil companies can cause the country to get a raw deal from its oil resource.
The current allocation is 3% of the budget.
I see these Maggot- looking things abroad.
Reduce delays and save up to 30% on transaction costs related to processing of imports and exports documentations by using the Uganda Electronic Single Window.
Signature Jewellery could be your answer.
Children from the poorest households experience the worst health, struggle to access decent education, and are more likely to have to work or be married young.
Since 1992, UPDF has retired 50,200 soldiers while between and 2008, a total of 5300 officers and men were retired from the forces.
It sounds weird to tell someone that they shouldn’t seek happiness in their job, but it really is a great piece of advice.
Ugandans need to quit blaming their gov't and just pray for their leaders.
Allah do you tell these goats to kill in your name?
Or is it the biting poverty causing all this?
Lord, as I wake up today I pray that you give me strength to face all the temptations and hurdles that may come my way.
"We the undersigned, all being either technical or support staff at the NRM secretariat petition you over the conduct of our boss the SG, and humbly request to meet you and share the problems we are undergoing at the secretariat," reads part of the petition.
Nominate your 'Most Outstanding Woman'; Send us an email, including a photo of your nominee, on sunday@newvision.
I salute you sir.
The fact that parents can neglect or abandon their children is.
You have perhaps seen him in television commercials, online or billboards as the model in Vodafone, Evervess, and Orange Telecom adverts.
To fulfill her visions.
Kiprotich almost caused a stampede when he arrived at the Soroti Municipal ground on Saturday as one of the guests for activities to mark the World Athletics Day.
-School parties need effective supervision #EPAPER: https://goo.
It can clearly be seen on Old Port Bell road through Bugolobi.
"Soon we'll release a software update and related pilot training for the 737 MAX that will address concerns discovered in the aftermath of the Lion Air Flight 610 accident.
#Amazingbottomlesspit - Monticello Dam Drain Hole in in Lake Berryessa, Napa County, California, USA.
The number of people unaccounted for has fallen to 993, down from a peak of more than 1,200, the statement added.
Twakowa agabbi na gatemu!
I wish they can come and visit the itanda falls and Nile source in jinja Uganda too.
They want to steal from the poor and blame the poor for stealing from them so that the poor will be hanged and they remain with the loot.
The New Vision is with Geoffrey Matovu.
#New Vision why don't u report about the lie by EC lawyer where he apologized.
Deadline is 31st March 2020.
June 20, 1979, Yusuf Lule was removed after only 68 days in power and replaced with Godfrey Lukongwa Binaisa by the National Consultative Council.
“I was in position to win the fight until I lost my footing and dislocated my knee.
#bride and groom #senga bride and groom.
Tell the people also that it was Amin in power during that time.
The Forum for Democractic Change (FDC) party will sue the Inspector General of Police (IGP) Gen.
Vehicles and Motorcycle’s plie the city in large numbers, narrowing the little space meant for brisk-walking pedestrians.
President Yoweri Museveni Tuesday received the IMF delegation led by the country representative Ana Lucia Coronel who called on him at State House Entebbe.
Opinion POLL: If you were in charge of Budget allocation, what would your priorities be in this #UGBudget17 ?
Rugunda made the remarks while closing the 21st congress of the East African Communications Organization (EACO) in Kampala.
I Should Have Honor: A Memoir of Hope and Pride in Pakistan, that happiness was forever tarnished, however, in 1999.
We rely on the standard question, “How was your day?
This is Dr. John Chrysostom Muyingo, whose education career was coming to a halt since his father, who was a primary school teacher, could hardly foot his school fees.
City businessman Hassan Basajjabalaba presented himself at the Criminal Intelligence and Investigations Directorate (CIID) headquarters.
And all towns wake up to this drink every day.
But who are these squatters and how did they come to stay on railway land?
Nigeria'S former chief of defence staff has appeared in court in the capital, Abuja, charged with corruption and criminal breach of trust.
Parking along the road from Kireka to Kyaliwajjala is prohibited and vehicles found abandoned by the roadside will be towed to the nearest police station at the owner’s cost and inconvenience.
Muruuli Mukasa has for over 30 years, served as Nakasongola National Resistance Movement member, Constituent Assembly (CA) delegate, Member of Parliament and cabinet minister.
The 2 categories are already in a stressful situation.
Call 0787511106 for inquiries.
The new body is called the National Football Association of Zimbabwe, its president Phillip Chiyangwa said.
The New Vision added 35 new photos.
Do you speak to your daughters with equal pride and acceptance?
Over forty pilgrims returning from Namugongo survived an accident when the bus in which they were travling overturned.
why shd we doubt capability of our ministries that we have rendered useless?
Military power compared: Japan, China, South Korea, India, Russia and the United States.
Bayern Munich conquered Germany long time no need to update us of the results !
Girls, is it worth being a second wife?
I repeat pray and tell God about your situation.
Get the details in the Sunday Vision #EPAPER- https://vpg.
They had the best season ever.
Youth in Kampala have failed to access the youth funds given by the government, Kampala Capital City Authority, (KCCA) executive director, Jennifer Musisi has said.
In 1952 Queen Elizabeth was established as Kazinga National park but two years later, it was renamed to commemorate the visit by Queen Elizabeth 11, the quee.
Kcca Executive Director Jennifer Musisi Ssemakula kneels before Buganda Kingdom's Prime Minister Peter Mayiga during the launch of the street lights project to Kabaka's Palace in Banda, Kampala district on 1st Dec 2016.
This helps your child learn to soothe himself to sleep and prevents bedtime problems down the line.
Also banned from the streets are food and chapatti vending vehicles, and kiosks erected in road reserves, pavements and in front of shops or fuel stations.
Isingiro South MP, Alex Bakunda Byarugaba doing a traditional dance with TV West comedian Julius Bisinsiino.
In a year in which Russia annexed Crimea, stoked a conflict in Ukraine and clinched a multi-billion-dollar gas pipeline deal with China that Forbes called the world's largest construction project, Putin remained on top.
Vision Group congratulates all Ugandans on this historic occasion.
Ulet Ifansasti/Getty Images via NBC News.
That and more awaits the lucky couple that will win an all expense wedding through the Bride & Groom Expo.
Ugandan musician, Martin Angume, who has over the last few months battled a number of ailments at Mulago Hospital, has passed on.
U mean u can love wizout lykin sam1?
The Coordinator of Intelligence services who has stirred the wrath of the Uganda Peoples Defence Forces leadership travelled to London on April 30 days before his latest press statement that cited intrigue in the UPDF.
Edmark mint works better for me.
What is the work of security because it is gonna be rampat because not long from the hardware senario .
Twegatteko mu kusaba n'okwebaza Omukama.
These are the spectacles of Western decline we are witnessing today.
The State Minister for Microfinance Haruna Kasolo has warned Ugandans against mixing politics with business.
🎙️: Around Uganda with New Vision | Monday, December 13, 2021 #VisionUpdates #NewVisionAt35 https://newvisionapp.
Today, the world marks Suicide Prevention Day to promote awareness about the issue and bring hope to those that are struggling with suicidal thoughts.
Madagascar have dominated the game on their artificial turf, including missing a penalty.
Museveni arrived on Sunday afternoon at the Houari Boumediene International Airport was treated to a red carpet reception, inspected the guard of honor mounted by the Algerian, land, air and navy force and received a 21-gun salute.
more so, he has a hand on Toolit kidnap.
By this I mean from nomadic to farm settings.
Charles Kimbowa, who was the private secretary of the late Cardinal Nsubuga has died.
“You realize we are going?
The High Court in Kampala has ruled that Nobert Mao is the lawfully elected president of the Democratic Party.
The New Vision is with Edura Kelly.
After sounding an alarm to wake up neighbours, her mother Margaret Ayaru called the police.
The New Vision is with Kibita Hudson.
The New Vision is with Kakule Peter and Salvation Moi.
Can history repeat itself?
Stay warned when dating in Karamoja.
He is messed up in ways we don't even know and the only thing that is going to happen to her is a lot of heart break.
The #HarvestMoneyExpo is HERE!
The New Vision added 4 new photos — in Kololo.
Let'S save the Undercover brothers start voting now.
In the New Vision today: Car Seized with Bombs in Kampala.
"I am unable to read the shameful insults made against our president.
All 211 member associations will be entitled to a basic solidarity grant of $1m (sh3.
The only way to protect your eyes from the sun is by wearing sunglasses.
Manchester United's shock Champions League defeat to Swiss champions Young Boys has already ratcheted up the pressure on Ole Gunnar Solskjaer despite an impressive start to the Premier League season.
only graduates from makerere coz they give in sex/money for marks.
President Yoweri Museveni meets the Members of Parliament behind closed doors to discuss the security situation in the country.
Offer valid till 31st May 2020.
Thursday has been the final day for the vetting of ministers nominated by President Yoweri Museveni.
That shows that some people just don't know how to love themselves and their homes.
All stake holders should play their role.
Be with me as I go through them.
It is now close to a decade since the first commercially viable oil deposits were confirmed in Uganda.
I think this is the lesson learnt by security organisation who takes people for granted may God bless you,all we need is to be humble and the way when govt vehicles which have security convoy can drive when they are passing via civilian may God reward Kasibante V8 vs motorcycle everyone needs to be humble on this earth respect is needed .
The New Vision is with Kalyango Grace.
And other words of a similar tribe.
And today in history I'm warning the regime not to touch on our constitution.
I love my husband and I just want these unwelcome feelings to stop.
President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni on an on-spot field visit of a military exercise by our UPDF in northern Uganda near the border with South Sudan.
Not then they should creat another planet for themselves otherwise w a tired of these silly acts all in mbu in d name of islam.
Kampala Capital City Authority councillors have asked to be given ipads.
Speaker Rebecca Kadaga interacted with a delegation from Nigeria attending the #64CPC2019.
A man was arrested Friday afternoon selling a pistol in Kasubi, a Kampala suburb.
Best farmer competition 2017 starts .
Moreover they are delicious.
The story of Burundi is deeper than outsiders could see but one thing I can assure you is that it's sinking so deep into poverty and violence.
Presidend m7 is also notable.
I hpe its a legal assembly.
Can we now drink un-boiled water?
During his #HeroesDay speech, President Yoweri Museveni referred to our story about transformer manufacturers protesting being sidelined.
President Kaguta Museveni left earlier today for Addis Ababa, Ethiopia where he joins other heads of State for #AUSummit.
Uhuru - Ruto like coalition with Mao and Co in the sidelines.
And the winner is Joel.
Terrorist attacks have happened in the UK or USA.
Recently, I forcefully took her phone and ordered her to tell me the password.
Women control biggest shares of the budget-https://vpg.
Make a lasting impression with Bio-Oil lotion.
A total of 13,000 candidates are sitting for allied health examinations and have been warned against examination malpractices.
It was a day of celebration at Rubaga Cathedral, as priests and deacons were ordained after eight and seven years of study respectively.
Russians begin firing in the air.
Life after love is not going smoothly for Lebanese property tycoon Elie Taktouk, who lost his wife and then his family home to Barcelona football star Cesc Fabregas.
Kabila'S second and final five-year term ended on December 20, but he has shown no intention of leaving office soon, sparking violent protests that have left at least 40 people dead, according to the United Nations.
You may or may not realize it yet, but how you use or don’t use your time is going to be the best indication of where your future is going to take you.
😂 So, we got back Victoria for an exclusive on #ScoopOnScoop.
Despite the discrimination, Muyiyi did not give up.
Boil sausage until hot, 8 to 12 minutes; drain.
we will always remember you as our heroes cause you spoke 4 the speechless.
"Is there any relative of Desire Luzinda here?
thieves all the time now URA  again take all u can but u will never enjoy stolen money.
Next up money stolen shoddy work.
When Uganda finished eighth overall at the Netball World Cup in Sydney, you would think it was the end of it all, but the death of She Cranes player Harriet Apako clearly shows the positive impact the team has so far built since their participation in Australia.
Don'T miss out on getting your free copy of the 2020 University Guide in the The New Vision Friday 27th March edition detailing core areas from career opportunities, scholarships, hostel rankings and many more.
Amputees who played computer games using a virtual, on-screen arm, experienced relief from the phantom pain that often afflicts people who have lost a limb, scientists said Friday.
Excective has the name corruption.
When it cools, you can use the strong tea and its tannins as a window and glass cleaner.
y troubling your life because of a mere boy friend who is not even your husband.
His case has attracted "so much unnecessary attention" and Rwanda knows how to deal with it, which will be done in open, said the president.
Civilians need to be protected and not murdered in cold blood.
A Pakistani pensioner and his wife kept deaf and mute girl as a sex slave for NINE YEARS after trafficking her from Pakistan to claim extra benefits.
Desire Luzinda has been in the news over her leaked nude photos and the release of her song, Ekitone, thereafter.
we are the ones who put this people into power through vote why cant we change it through Vote?
Uprooting other opposition parties or the ruling party.
From political leaders to sports figures to Hollywood's A-list, the world paused to remember "The Greatest,".
Graphic Courtesy of .
Elgon flyer and YY just as they entered Jinja area!
Using Javascript, a hacker could identify a user based on the movements in their mouse as Tor uses the programming language by default.
The hardest Christmas in 29 years!
A commemoration of Sir Edward Frederick Mutesa II, 🇺🇬#Uganda's first president and #Buganda's 35th king.
Bukoto kisaasi always has jam.
1972: President Idi Amin announced that Government had decided to take over all tea estates.
to an unknown destination until M7 leaves the area.
This is after Kawempe North MP Latif Ssebaggala bowed out last week.
Thomas Tuchel has dismissed talk of Chelsea competing for the Premier League title as "stupid", given how badly his squad have been hit by COVID-19 and injuries.
Comparision: Growth of Services 5.
Find out what she says here 👉.
Since early 2013, he has invested his artistic skills into driving home an emphatic message on road safety, particularly boda boda safety through that one important headgear – the helmet.
I saw that coming .
The Electoral Commission will not issue voters cards to people who registered to vote in next year’s general elections.
Retired Major General Kahinda Otafiire will surely be missed by the Ugandan media.
전 세계의 74억 인류에게 개별적으로 물어보라!
#Todayinhistory: On this day in 1879, #Zulu warriors led by Dabulamanzi ka Mpande defeated the #British on the second day of the Battle of Isandlwana in South Africa.
What was it for?
Check out & like Pakasa Vision for Kyemba’s incredibly touching success story.
Kaweesi said Agaba was travelling with Dr. Violet Kajubiri a member of the Education Service Commission who sustained a broken leg, Joseph kyaligonza a driver who is unconscious and corporal Francis Atwine, a bodyguard who is reported to have got minor injuries.
Semakula began his Journalism career as a writer for the UCU Newspaper (The Standard) where he worked from 2007-2009.
Us President Donald Trump announced Tuesday he had nominated a former ambassador and Arizona businesswoman to lead the Air Force.
“We want these funds through regular funding.
5 billion support to help infrastructure.
Uganda People's Defence Force (UPDF) has begun its pull-out from neighbouring South Sudan, in line with a peace deal aimed at ending nearly two years of civil war, an official said Tuesday.
And from which school?
Sister people get married at 40 u too will get married.
"She will not be the first to complain.
Find out in our "health and beauty" pull out.
Museveni: In Uganda we nolonger use force.
•After years of slow growth and development, the Kampala Industrial and Business Park (KIBP) Namanve has begun to take shape and is expected to generate 200,000 jobs at full operational capacity.
5 m (31 ft).
Ugandans are Good people, we love them!
The Electoral Commission (EC) has issued new guidelines for presidential candidates.
What are your predictions for this march?
Find his full message in New Vision #EPAPER- https://vpg.
Thsi is really amaizing, "From 6 to 6:30pm, decently dressed guests are expected to be seated after which there will be speeches and entertainment.
The Constitutional court has this afternoon thrown out workers, youth and UPDF representatives from parliament stating that the law under which they were elected is illegal.
Yet, at the mention of the name John Akii-Bua, even your run-of-the-mill Ugandan will extol the athlete as the man who, against all your typical Ugandan odds, won the country her first ever Olympics gold medal in the 1972 Munich Olympics.
Doctors striking over meagre salaries poor working environment!
A prototype drug called FX06, designed to stop haemorrhage, was given to the patient after the doctors got special authorisation from their hospital's ethics committee.
As far as politics is concerned in this messed up country sweeping bodas n taxis out of the city centre is a cristal clear day dream, shortly prior to the scheduled period we should expect a contrary detective from above,fellow citizens these are our voters they pose a threat to divert our votes in the next presidential elections if such a move happens to be executed.
The victim, a primary seven pupil of Echo nursery and primary school was found pregnant during the beginning of term pregnancy tests held for all girls.
"We as DP are people of truth and justice.
Appreciate all the blessings in your life, take none for granted”.
This comes after she recently developed misunderstandings with the father of her two kids and fellow artiste, Moses Sekibogo alias Mozey Radio of the GudLyf crew.
International oil companies have invested close to $2.
The relief is that Mumbere has been allowed to bury his mother.
Why shouldn't this one get a taste of his own medicine?
We should not trust any Ug.
Mayor and not a Lord.
I love Africa because of Creativity in Africa.
Stepmother survives being lynched.
In addition, 13,000 supervisors were due to be recruited to oversee the enumeration exercise.
#Agakhan to build big hospital.
Yes he is good,but people a round him.
Rafik and Rahim, the two grandchildren of the Manji family patriarch have carried forward the family business legacy.
its embarrassing for you to seem to indicate that you're bigger than others tribes to discuss their issues.
How it stands in #Nigeria after 19/36 states declared results by the Electoral Commission.
He was literally flapping his arms around.
Uganda QUALIFIES FOR AFCON 2017!
#Usa slams #Israeli: "Suspicion that militants are operating nearby does not justify strikes that put at risk lives of so many innocent civilians," US state department official said.
Amama Mbabazi's lead lawyer Mohammed Mbabazi goes on with the submissions - See more at: .
Am really fed up of the so called handshake.
Wonderful long live UPDF.
The day remembers Mandela's achievements in working towards conflict resolution, democracy, human rights, peace, and reconciliation.
Time: 12pm to Midnight.
The company KosmoKurs has been licensed to develop a reusable system for space tourism flights, according to company CEO Pavel Pushkin.
As a father i would very much love to do all the said but the mom to our children is another "kony rebel" in our family.
In a healthy relationship, if something is bothering you, it’s best to talk about it instead of holding it in.
Three children have been killed by rabies in Kagadi.
Trading costs will be cut as there will be no dollar exchange first.
The New Vision added 12 new photos — with Mwanje Ben and 3 others.
Find details in the New Vision.
Mp Herbert Edmund Ariko, who lost the Soroti City East parliamentary race to FDC’s Moses Okia Attan believes that alteration of the city boundary by Soroti High Court cost him his victory.
That'S what am talking about.
Airing this evening, December 16th 2020 on Vision Group Uganda platforms - Urban Television, Bukedde TV and TV West Nehinda.
However, she was diagnosed with a condition that they couldn’t handle.
The Kip-Rich craze started in London.
It's located on Kissinger Road in Jinja town.
New Vision mourns with you.
The New Vision is with Byabakwo Muna Lyantonde and 5 others.
musisi and Co.should stop making policies by impulse.
Archbishop of Kampala Archdiocese and friends of Lubaga, yesterday organized a children's party at Lubaga Cathedral.
In HEALTH AND BEAUTY:BREAST CANCER WITH PROPER NUTRITION .
The New Vision is with Ashiraf Lacky Wellborn and Mwijukye Francis.
Referee Michael Oliver ends the Lions' misery!
Kcca issues tough environmental guidelines for factories.
They have to calculate when there won’t be rains, when there won’t be bad weather.
President Museveni also reminded them of his earlier communication on proper methods of arresting suspects, handling the law-abiding citizens and foreign guests.
Photos by Martin Ndijjo.
However, in May 2019 when I read more explicit messages, I tried to find out details about the man.
Lisa Cameron MP from the UK government advocates for empowering young women and women with disabilities.
Emmanuel Mayanja aka AK 47 will be laid to rest today at Kasaato, Kalangaalo, in Singo, Mityana.
Get the full story about the ceremony, the programme, the traffic flow, only in New Vision.
African Union should take charge of Africa’s destiny, says Kazibwe-https://vpg.
Now what of these MPs?
Help us start this day with a new, pleasant attitude with plenty of gratitude & grant us strength to impact lives positively.
Eight presidential aspirants have picked nominations forms to run in next year’s elections.
And do what next?
They are now some Ugandans produced when genetically their breath has alot of ethanol %, how will they be protected.
Twitter will lay off employees next week as freshly-returned chief Jack Dorsey pushes for a leaner operation focused on winning users, tech news website Re/code reported Friday.
Has IGP Okoth Ochola delivered?
The New Vision is with Musoke Patrick.
He clarified that he would not be contesting in any elective politics posts.
The Constitutional Court ruled by a majority, four judges to one dissenting, that the Court is legal.
Let justice take its course.
Should Bobi Wine pay more taxes to URA for his bullet-proof car oba bamuleke?
Kawolo hospital has received US$9m (sh22b) for renovation.
May the deceased RIP n may the good lord comfort all the grieved familes.
Samsung Electronics, the world's largest smartphone maker, posted its first drop in annual net profit in three years Thursday, days after arch-rival Apple reported the biggest corporate profit in history.
For Inquiries: +256 393 100 00 | info@airis.
General seeks Asylum in UK: TODAY'S front page of THE SUNDAY VISION.
2m to settle her claims which she had rejected.
Just IN: A fatal accident has happened at Kira Road roundabout.
[Sponsored]: In the midst of the hustle and bustle, The Ambrosia Restaurant offers you a hidden gem of extensive cocktail list from the classic and trendy.
Centre U2804 allocated to Seesa HS, Kakungube in Kasanda district is being withdrawn for gross violation of examination regulations both at UCE and UACE.
Queen Elizabeth II is the latest high profile figure to be drawn into the Brexit row, with reports claiming she backs a withdrawal from the EU.
Icc come for me .
Whats your prediction to this fixture today?
Ugandans seeking employment abroad have been cautioned to be wary of falling prey to exploitation at the hands of human traffickers.
How do money-lenders and banks exploit legislators?
Just IN: Police confirm they are investigating NRM youth in bribery scandal.
The cause is not pay this time.
The UN Security Council will soon agree to authorize 4,000 more troops to boost the African force battling resurgent Shebab rebels in Somalia, diplomats said Wednesday.
Western monetary inducements are bait to self-seeking.
Milly Babalanda, the minister for the presidency, issued this directive in her letter to all RCCs and RDCs and their deputies.
Hundreds of people this morning welcomed back the winner of the just concluded Coca-Cola Rated Next Sing It competetion, Daniel Kaweesa, who returned to his home town of Arua sh50m richer.
I don't understand Uganda Government having Capable Citizens that can bring change in the way things should be but they just talk and talk the Right thing and it end there.
Where is the patriotism.
The company had sought orders from court quashing the appointment by URA of a collection agent for monies amounting to a total of sh20,121,239,094, arguing that by doing would in utter contempt of a consent judgment reached between it (Haba Group (U) Ltd) and the Attorney General in October 2010 and.
Liverpool is the man.
Get all the details in the New Vision - https://vpg.
Have all these young people actually failed to find something to do?
Have u shifted from the old offices?
Our local banks/ micro finances are already giving pre harvest loans which leaves the farmers paying punitive interest rates.
About 5 days now.
However, the rewards are high.
Come and pick Mr M7.
The New Vision is with Young Pop Jonas and 9 others.
She set out to make a stove that would be the answer to wood scarcity; she ended up with Eco-stove which has made her millions.
Okay let me also give u news.
Gayaza - Twenty-one students from 21 different schools around the country will each win a fully-paid scholarship from MTN Uganda this year following the launch of the annual three-week Y’ello Care staff initiative.
I don't even think these paraded guys works in BOU.
Uganda Martyrs University has today ((Friday, December 18) held its 26th Graduation Ceremony.
Y do african leaders every tyme & again in conflict 4 power!
'Buganda caucus ideally should be the one shaping politics, economic and social policies of this country' - Muwanga Kivumbi, Butambala County MP.
The ministry of internal affairs has denied issuing a passport to Tito Cabello, a son to Venezuela’s National Assembly leader Diosdado Cabello.
The New Vision is with ‎يحي محمد يحي محمد‎ and 2 others.
Kiva mu kwelagalaga okuli mu bana Uganda.
Y do u,say for alleged he insulted and nothing they going to do because president museveni they are reporting to doesn't listen ask john naginda!
Read Sunday Vision for details.
With God, nothing is impossible!
I will be in goal.
Get an E-Copy here http://epaper.
These are some of the questions that will hopefully be answered by a new study titled Evidence for Contraceptive Options and HIV Outcomes(ECHO).
5b) in 2008 to over $400m (about sh1.
Here is Video evidence.
Intimate: My wife comes second after God.
The New Vision is with Sahara Aishha and 3 others.
He will not grow tired or weary, and his understanding no one can fathom.
Mutaasa Kafeero’s newly wed daughter and her husband engaged in an argument over her nude photos the day before she tried to hit him with an iron bar.
With these nrm leaders who lack a choice at the same time poor with a lot of borrowing.
2Decimals is less than half a plot of 100*50 100*50 is a round 11 decimals) It's impossible.
Theodore Ssekikubo, Wilfred Niwagaba and Mohammed Nsereko, who have been expelled from the NRM party, from accessing Parliament as their case awaits final judgement.
The Seventh Day Adventist Church has protested a government proposal to make Saturday a mandatory school day.
The crowing of the #26ICPAUAnnualSeminar!
Lwengo LC 5 chairman George Mutabazi reportedly dragged out of a plane for reasons we are yet to establish.
For instance, you can find out who your grandparents or great-grandparents are or were.
And those worked on your operations?
Why can't ICC learn from kenya.
“It was unchristian to attack the home of the bishop.
Who is protecting the thieves?
30Pm: Gold medal ceremony to be delayed by up to 30 minutes by Kenyans.
They often have to wear a crown of thorns".
Wounded, stitched and, now, released from medical care.
We only need to see action being done but not words.
Uganda’S total debt has hit sh16.
Obama shook hands, hugged, took photos and passed out White House M&M's to the surprised passers-by.
My mom’s cousin and his son was in that bus.
Metrological Authority on spot over unreliable weather forecasts.
We missed a committed,long serving journalist.
The Vision group has rewarded its distributors of the New Vision newspaper across the country for growing their circulation sales.
The company which produces weaves is located at Kazinga near Namanve along Kampala- Jinja highy way in Kira Town Council, Wakiso district.
Three people have been killed and 14 others sustained severe injuries after truck with poor brake system rammed into in a crowd in a busy Kampala suburb, Bwaise.
Did you know a new business model is saving Vision Group sh2b?
The COVID-19 cases and deaths have in the past few weeks been on the rise following the outbreak of a new wave with stronger variants from UK, India, South Africa, and Nigeria confirmed in the country.
The CAF Disciplinary met in Cairo, 16th of October 2012 to look into the incidents that led to the abandonment of match No 56 Senegal vs.
2016/07'' Or 2016/17, Are those two similar really?
A leader who listens attentively to his people and take action.
President Yoweri Museveni and the Prime Minister Amama Mbabazi.
” session at The Kampala Serena Hotel on February 19 (8:30 – 12:30am).
Basically our view on life”.
Muhoozi Kainerugaba is back from visiting Ugandan troops in Somalia.
Your have sent it the IDMF number will reply with a message saying "dear customer you MTN card authenticatend ID is ****(a 4 digit pin)e.
According to Nina Rukikaire, also Mbabazi’s daughter, her sister was arrested together with four people she was with.
Is there a way of recording all training and thereafter selling the recordings either on memory stick or SD card?
Christians of St Paul Bessania CoU, Mpigi attend prayers following the opening up of places of worship by President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni.
A Liberian man walked into the country's health ministry offices Wednesday and set (link is external) the second floor wing on fire after reportedly losing a family member to the Ebola virus.
See more at .
Mtn IS AN TROUBLE AGAIN i have been using this new mtn treak for about 5day now.
The pictures were taken after the Ministry of Health officials had tested the smuggled Chinese nationals.
Enjoy parenting advice from parenting experts and counselors in the Parenting/Family column in the New Vision paper today.
Trade minister Amelia Kyambadde has cautioned executive secretaries against expressing a callous attitude towards visitors, and has in that spirit called for courteousness.
Ok kro it was randomly sellected among all districts in uganda,what methode of sampling that they employed to obtain ze sample of men whom they collected semen from even what was there sample size?
Corruption in Africa, is like porridge to the patient.
He needs death penalty, so that he can be example, 15.
How prepared are you in case the good news comes your way?
Look at this situation omg.
According to witnesses, the fray started at about 3:00pm following a rowdy noise that engulfed the prison premises.
Israeli Forces partially reopen door to Al-Aqsa Mosque compound.
A friend updates her status saying she has lost her baby.
'We are going to list 20% of our shares on the Uganda Securities Exchange in a matter of a few weeks and months' - Vim Vanhellputte, MTN Uganda CEO reveals.
In other words, the more people I can reach out to for help, the more valuable I am.
“There is a lot of uncertainty because there is no clear policy governing the plastic industry and we can’t remain competitive,” Musa Mugeera, the head of Luuka Plastics Limited said.
The New Vision is with Aine Nyeusi and Ďãńdý Phàŕouk Cazorla.
Preheat the grill for high heat.
It all starts with knowing your status.
If I may ask what sort of development have they done since colonial time?
He asked Government to put up an independent monitoring and evaluation team to oversee the oil sector to promote transparency and accountability.
Ritah remained composed as she pointed at her father during her testimony inside the courtroom.
My father is this one person who can strengthen you at your lowest moment.
Those bishirts he never tacks in make him look aba howw.
State minister for internal affairs Obiga Mario Kania arrives at Naguru ahead of #KalekayihuraHandover.
Foreigners are also expected from Nigeria.
The New Vision is with Milton Maninga.
Friday'S bombing was the latest in a series of attacks on Chadian soldiers by Boko Haram militants, who pledged allegiance to the Islamic State group in 2015.
This has all been long overdue.
un preditable like obama and museveni!
The quake disrupted Christmas celebration plans for thousands of people who fled on foot, in cars and on horseback, seeking higher ground amid torrential rains in some places as sirens warned of a potential tsunami.
#Burkinafaso state TV goes off air after gun shots are heard at its headquarters.
Our elections website .
Now these are the people we need In opposition, before u dream of snatching power, practice by snatching women.
Oh God, I feel unsafe in my own country.
The mother of former Uganda Investments Authority (UIA) boss, Maggie Kigozi collapsed and died Monday night.
The happiest Dad and Mum in UGANDA.
Namboole stadium is the place to be.
The New Vision is with Sentongo Stephen and 2 others.
Why everyone rushing to.
- Will Uganda achieve renewable energy target by 2020?
"The situation in the country is good (compared to the past), but we should know how to act and, especially, to listen to one another".
The New Vision added 44 new photos — with Andrew Mwesiga and Nyanzi Sulaiman.
The captors wanted to kill us”.
This is the first time that United have beaten City THREE TIMES in a season since 2009-10 (in Sir Alex Fergurson era).
It's now possible with Google Glass, which lets users execute complicated tasks — like locating GPS-enabled smartphones, deleting files and dictating emails — through voice commands and simple hand gestures".
“It is really bothersome that we make laws in good faith but so many things aren’t in place, for instance this tribunal.
Photo: MP Geoffrey Ekanya cries in parliament because of govt's refusal to grant his county a district status.
You don't have to look for the moon.
These are rich old men impregnating young girls nt boys.
When your tym comes u too will get married.
The New Vision added 15 new photos.
Now its time to bear its consequences.
The Gov't owes the thermal power companies close to sh300b in arrears up to June 2011.
At the ceremony which took place the ministry of defense headquarters in Mbuya, the army officers were pipped in the company of their spouses and relatives.
69' ⚽️ LIVE: #AFCON2021 - 🇺🇬#Uganda leading 🇲🇼#Malawi 2-0 through Fahad Bayo.
No millitary african leader has ever been good.
this is wall not ur phonebook manya inbox.
#Kenya: He sold his grand child's uniform and used maize seeds to cook "githeri;" a local dish, Facing disciplinary action at the village Chief's compound.
Thank God for this child!
there are words in the Bible like wife, divorce, marriage, wedding, husband.
By Petride MudoolaFEAR gripped the National Forestry Authority headquarters in Bugolobi in Kampala yesterday when fetishes were discovered in a senior manager�s office.
The land probe team has dismissed compensation claim of sh44b for rocks by the Entebbe town clerk as speculative and unrealistic-http://bit.
How about if madam says she doesn't want more children and then you go and have them with your side chic!
Flashback 3: Group Photo of all contributors after sh300m was raised for Olympic Marathon champion Stephen #Kiprotich August 2012.
Gwanga skips army event.
Ha ha ha ha.
Who will compensate him?
Mps Rose Akol Okullu (Bukedea) and Tim Lwanga (Kyamuswa) who were chairpersons then of the budget committee (2010/2011, 2011/2012) will today report to Criminal Intelligence and Investigations Directorate (CIID) in Kibuli for questioning.
The New Vision is with Bankunda Wilton.
The last time Uganda played in AFCON, the president was overthrown the following year #tamalemirundi.
The New Vision is with Turyamusiima Milton.
President Museveni has thanked security organs for keeping law and order since the preparations of the #MartyrsDay2018 celebrations started.
They can shake their bodies or nod their heads, but not dancing with one another,” says Uganda Musicians’ Association president Ykee Benda.
the religion of allah.
You pay OTT, YOU pay for rise in fuel prices, sugar and even a razor blade.
We hold hands for your victory.
Sory our neighbours but one day they will pay for it.
Is THERE ANYONE YOU HAVE INSULTED ON YOUR SHOW AND REGRETTED IT?
The ICC Chief Prosecutor of @IntlCrimCourt Ms Fatou #Bensouda has arrived in #Uganda.
Don'T want to judge but why would God want you to have an American accent?
Yo our leaders aim at serving us appropriately @not to where u individually benefit.
How abt the Rand?
Dats hw thy treat bad boyz kiboko kusisiliza.
Advert: Drinking a glass of milk daily provides the body with protein and other essential nutrients needed to keep the body in good health.
To subscribe for a digital copy go to;.
Rs have been added salary several times but they are still hungry for more .
The Office of the Prime Minister (OPM) is set to monitor and coordinate vision 2040 – an elaborate government blue print on key development benchmarks that policy wonks in the National Development Authority (NPA) want the country to achieve in the next 27 years.
'I observed that the budget for the COVID-19 intervention by Uganda Police was inflated by sh14.
The New Vision added 7 new photos — in Fort Portal.
I have seen doctors totally fail their duty to work for the best of the patient in that way.
They call upon owners to claim it.
Their parties hold conventions in July ahead of a Nov.
"I have had a telephone conversation with President Uhuru Kenyatta and have agreed to meet and forge a awy forward.
The finance ministry has allowed the Uganda National Roads Authority (UNRA) to engage the International Finance Corporation (IFC), the private sector arm of the World Bank, to be its transaction advisor for the expressway projects.
Mumbere is charged with treason and terrorism following the Kasese fighting between the UPDF and his royal guards in 2016.
Wish this cld be reversed!
It is time to get back to your duty station and take on another year of challenges.
I get contacted regularly be friends to my family in Uganda, that have been prescribed medicine by doctors but they haven't performed the proper medical tests.
The Electoral Commission which is the key player in the electoral process has already issued guidelines on the nominations, to purposely ensure an orderly, timely and peaceful nomination process.
Here'S the Premier League top 6 as it stands.
The New Vision is with Byiringiro Daniel and 2 others.
Get the details in New Vision or buy and read the #EPAPER via - bit.
The 2020 #BestFarmersAwards are now officially underway at the Vision Group head office.
The volcano spewed a large cloud of thick, black ash into the air, forcing several airlines to cancel flights in the area.
The State Minister of Economic monitoring NRM's Henry Banyenzaki has conceded defeat after losing the Rubanda West Parliamentary seat Eng Denis Sabiiti.
The sweet potato story here at the #HarvestMoneyExpo.
Waiting for sausages to cook all the way through can be frustrating.
In Italy their passage came to a sticky end, with eccentric goalkeeper Rene Higuita inexplicably overplaying with the ball 40 yards from goal and presenting Cameroon striker Roger Milla with the winner in Naples.
The former NSSF board chairman, Geoffrey Onegi- Obel, has been charged with abuse of office over sh8b.
Perez, Draei and Elijah bring the house down.
Issue of loans is general not police only.
Bring to a simmer, then reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer until the sauce will coat the back of a spoon, about 10 minutes.
South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu, who died on Boxing Day at the age of 90, was the moral compass of his beloved "Rainbow Nation", never afraid to speak truth to power, whatever its creed or colour.
Moses Kipsiro, Abraham Kiplimo and Geoffrey Kusuro have reached the Olympic stadium.
He said that the debt, which he blamed on the organisation's previous leadership, will now be dealt with by a liquidator.
Ugandans in the diaspora have been robbed of their hard earned money by relatives & friends while trying to purchase land or houses back home.
"The ICC, in a shallow, biased way, has continued to mishandle complex African issues," Mr Museveni said.
South AFRICA, Johannesburg : (FromL) Zindzi Mandela, Zenani Mandela, Makaziwe Mandela, Winnie Mandela Madikizela and Graca Machel (2ndR) attend the memorial service for late South African President Nelson Mandela at Soccer City Stadium in Johannesburg on December 10, 2013.
He said they have not yet worked out the inaugural flight schedule.
The New Vision added 36 new photos — with Rosette Kebba.
Baali bamanyi nga ensi ebtya!
coz nów govt is on pressure of politics.
All the Fresh and Latest stories in your copy.
The Last Corresponding Fixture played on Sun 21 Apr 2013 went Liverpool 2 - 2 Chelsea.
I do not feel sorry for these MPIGs let them be gunned down one by one .
Ivory Coast during the final qualifier for the 29th Edition of CAF Africa Cup of Nations in Dakar.
What z the mode of play?
May be we need to examine how they practice covid guidelines while praying.
Why don't they get saved.
A State House visit for Entebbe MP RoseMary Tumusiime was abandoned after a terrible accident claimed the lives of her two children.
Why should I get details of something gruesome, for what?
IF THE EARTH IS round, then most likely on our side it will be more than million KM.
Rebecca Kadaga to Dr. Maggie Kigozi; the former Executive Director of Uganda Investment authority, you will find a woman who will inspire you.
Get the New Vision, 9th June 🗞️—.
Ondoa says in terms of the burden to our health system, clinically diagnosed malaria is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality, accounting for approximately 30-50% of outpatient visits at health facilities, 15-20 of all hospital admissions, and 9-14% of all inpatient deaths.
Get a free copy in Sunday Vision for more details #EPAPER- https://vpg.
His comments come after another former Chelsea player, Gary Johnson, claimed he was paid £50,000 ($63,000) by the Premier League club not to go public with allegations that he was sexually abused as a young player by ex-chief scout Eddie Heath.
If u dont have ur nieces and nephews to take, pick the street kids.
This same brain brought him so much trouble with Amin's soldiers.
Uganda Communications Commission (UCC), the telecom regulator, is asking operators to renegotiate with their partners across Kenya and Rwanda to enable seamless implementation of the One Network Area directive, which removes roaming charges within the three states.
A leading kenya News outlet is reporting that Uganda security officers have slapped a new levy on Migingo fishermen.
Controversy surrounding emoluments accruing to former Vice President Gilbert Bukenya is still brewing, with MPs accusing him of drawing benefits of Ex-VP, but also collecting MP perks and allowances.
Mengo Chief Magistrate’s Court has summoned Barclays bank to file defence concerning allegations that it has denied the children of late Boney Mwebesa Katatumba access to his insurance benefits.
Theresa Nakafo was our nanny for close to 30 years.
A new suspected case of Ebola was yesterday reported at Bombo Military Hospital.
The EAC Council of Ministers today presented Budget estimates for the Financial Year 2014/2015 totalling $124,069,695 to the East African Legislative Assembly sitting in Arusha.
Kids who aren't getting the attention they want from their parents often act out or misbehave because they are sure to be noticed that way.
Lawrence Mukiibi if you’re an old student of his schools, relative or a well wisher.
Once this ceases to be then you give excuses to very many other things," he said.
Africa still has a population that is working for their stomach like you said, it's challenging that such ministers are kept in the office enriching them selves not thinking about services to the innocent citizens that their taxes has been misused .
Check out the list of other winners this year -- see more at: https://goo.
Army boss Gen Idi Amin overthrows Milton Obote http://t.
Can't those greedy Presidents learn from America and elsewhere?
They did not enter UK sovereign airspace, he added.
Her husband had beaten and locked her out of the house the whole night.
Which team does he play off?
He appeared before the General Court Martial at Makindye chaired by Brig.
All along we have been searching for the jobs now lets assume that our door have openned up.
Drivers of passenger service and goods vehicles will be tested every year to assess their abilities to drive, starting next year.
We here at The New Vision wish you joy this Christmas and prosperity in the coming year.
Anthony Ahibizibwe, the lawyer representing Akankwasa, told the trial magistrate Michael Lagara that the accused was unable to attend his trial because he is sick, but he did not mention what Akankwasa was suffering from.
Seven people, including a medical officer, are confirmed dead and scores injured in Bundibugyo district – western Uganda – following Local Council (LC) post-election violence in the area.
Liverpool 4-1, Liverpool never loose to a giant team moreover at Anfield.
The series will follow Carey as she plans her wedding to the Australian casino tycoon James Packer and raises her twins from her previous marriage to TV host and actor Nick Cannon.
May his soul rest in eternal peace.
The New Vision added 20 new photos — at Kampala Parents.
He employs about 55 people.
Get a free copy in New Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Who else loves ?
"Easa has decided to suspend all flight operations of the two affected models," the agency said.
#EPAPER via - https://goo.
A recent survey has revealed that teenagers in Mbale district have been hit by Gonorrhea.
Diversion of forcus, same coin, showbiz just.
any way those are the flaws of statistical work!
Steven Enou revealed that they always receive many reports of such cases something he says can scare off learners from going to school for fear of being punished heavily in case they err while at school.
Stephen Ojakol, the chairperson of the association, points at shortage of land as a great challenge affecting the project.
The New Vision is with Ssebufu Wagweeku Ibrahim and 4 others.
There is one thing any Ugandan worth his salt loves doing, just to show they have a bit of weight, ban somebody or an institution.
The disease has killed eight people with a cumulative figure of 197 cases.
Please protect these people.
The New Vision is with Alfred Tanui and Peter Rotich.
But you carried onward no matter the cost.
He said: “In my principle, I will never dream of ever reopening a bank I have closed”.
Many artistes' followers and fans think celebrities come from a different planet and their hearts don't beat the same way as mine and yours do.
If you haven't registered to attend the #PakasaForum where Uhuru Kenyatta will give a key note address, please forward your details by email through; pakasaforum@newvision.
Didn't they think Sunday would come?
more reason to be hope.
This is a good move.
Let'S maintain the newspaper.
Coca-Cola RATED NEXT: WHO WILL TAKE THE sh50m ON SUNDAY?
44%) Prof Baryamureeba polled 51,086 (0.
Yet if she can't swing the hammer, tune up the car or fix the leaky roof she should be doing MOST (not all) of these domestic duties.
In primary school, she was nicknamed 'antelope 'after a certain teacher consistently shamed her that her ears are laughable.
The New Vision is with Alex Owomugisha.
64%) and Benon Biraro has 15,588 (0.
The World Health Organisation (WHO) has warned that there are two falsified Vitamin A (retinol) capsules that are in circulation in Africa.
'Our traditional kikomando is also imported, it is the coming of Supreme (Mandela Millers) that is starting to get used.
More on this story will be out in Tomorrow's Thursday New Vision and online www.
The assailants asked for money and kidnapped three babies in the taxi, including Viola Akullo, Ogwalo’s two-week old baby.
#2021Recap: Kampala Central Legislator, Muhammad Nsereko queried before Parliament the dress code of his Senior colleague, Major Maj.
Excitement and fun filled Nile Hall at Hotel Africana on Thursday as Uganda’s top 50 brands were named for demonstrating superior business performance over the last 50 years.
The Indian leader, who has promised billions of dollars for development in Bihar, urged people to come out and vote "in large numbers" as polls opened at 0700 hours (1300 GMT).
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that they are difficult.
Most of the dust particles in your house are dead skin.
Coz they sets standard papers & they are Recognized globally .
11hrs ago and no comment!
China has reported its highest number of new coronavirus cases in four months as officials rushed to contain outbreaks in several regions.
What'S the work of our police?
Joseph mukasa and Charles Lwanga passed on this gift to others and did it at a dangerous time.
Government asked to promote sign language.
It is alleged that the victim, Grace Katusabe, was murdered by her husband John Begumya and buried in their compound.
and of course we examine how compatible Straka and Navio are.
Can you substantiate that statement Shahaba?
The New Vision is with Kisenyi Alex and Anitah Katushabe.
Does the photo depicts "BEAUTY AND THE BEAST"?
Will the relationship stand if I make him buy me another laptop?
Bowe Bergdahl was the only US Prisoner Of War in Afghan War.
Find out if this might mark the end of mosquitoes in our homes.
At the time of her death, she had started four primary schools, one technical school, a radio station, a community church and a hospital.
The combined armed forces of Uganda and DR Congo have vowed to fortify the main camp they recently captured from the Allied Democratic Forces (ADF) and the Islamic Central Africa Province in eastern DR Congo.
You will not be able to stand any constraint.
You are a media house you know already .
The New Vision is with Ronald Byamukama and 3 others.
Get yourself a copy of the Saturday Vision.
The Kenyan spirit is too strong to be intimidated.
The New Vision is with Mutaryebwa Ronald and 2 others.
My boyfriend and I have dated for two years .
Adorable confused baby meets twins.
He arrived today, hosted to a State Dinner and Thursday will be part of celebrations at Amahoro Stadium.
Opinion: It is surprising that despite all our water bodies in form of lakes and rivers, including the River Nile, the percentage of Ugandans with access to electricity is the lowest in eastern Africa save for Burundi and South Sudan.
President Jacob Zuma has announced the cancellation of the trip after visiting his illustrious predecessor in the hospital in the evening.
Fill us with hope and make us victors against it.
🔍👶🏽 Last month, #BBCAfricaEye exposed a thriving black-market trade in babies in Nairobi, #Kenya.
Otto a member of the rebel's high command was captured by the UPDF.
Researchers say they have cassava varieties that are resistant to cassava brown streak using GMO technology, but are still in confined field trials because of lack of the Bio-safety Bill.
The proceeds from the show, where seats sold for as much as sh100,000, went to the Women At Work International (WAWI), an organisation that looks after women suffering from fistula.
Interview: General Tumwine speaks out on MPs probe, Nommo Gallery calls Cecilia Ogwal a Pathological liar.
Kaguta Museveni: All criminals will pay for their sins, including those hiding in Congo.
More updates to follow.
Why girl only and yet boys are backward.
Some of the districts, which have not paid their pensioners include Lwengo, Kalangala and Kayunga.
Why do u term them encroachers or are they using up a land out of uganda boundaries?
Over 6 varsities to offer post O-level certificate programs .
While the rest will still be able to continue participating in the Pop n Jam promotion and still win tickets.
Excellent SPREAD IT TO ALL EAST AFRICA.
Entrance is only 7,000UGX.
You have back another red pepper that writes the same story for a year even decades.
There are plenty of villagers relying on this water who have effectively been cut off.
Details on this story and much more in today's edition.
To help bring the woman to safety, the unidentified policeman handcuffed himself to her and used a rope to pull her up.
Sunday Vision today featured a story about having a baby.
Am excited for this, ma next destination Zanzibar loading.
I really find it naïve and an insult to our national intelligence that the WSJ thinks that Uganda Government or security agencies need to first hack Bobi Wine’s phone to know about his intention to stage unauthorized concerts at Busabala or any other place in the country.
He hasn't been yet vetted but he is already working in the position!
We thank you for your great service and sacrifice Mr. president.
A child who appears to execute an Arab Israeli in a video released this week by the Islamic State group is said to have been recognised by classmates in France.
Young professionals needed for jobs in Canada says Kadaga.
It remains unclear how Ahmed was convicted in a trial that had 115 defendants.
Don'T dare give them money again.
Kyambogo University 13th graduation started today with over 7,000 graduands receiving degrees and diplomas in different disciplines.
The 29-year-old Jamaican, who holds the world 200m record with 19.
The Uganda Cooperative Alliance (UCA) has vowed to recover assets worth sh1 trillion allegedly sold by the former board management and staff.
"His surrender puts the LRA in the most vulnerable position," army spokesman Paddy Ankunda told AFP, adding he had first surrendered to CAR's Seleka rebels, before being handed over to American forces.
Find out more in New Vision #EPAPER-https://vpg.
The New Vision added 22 new photos — in Moscow, Russia.
In one of his recent pieces on a series of articles that examine the East African Community at 20, veteran journalist Onyango Obbo quotes the Kenya Commercial Bank CEO, Joshua Ogiara on his perspective of Uganda, “if it does a few things right, Uganda can feed China”.
Police are hunting for a second boyfriend, identified as Samuel, of the Makerere University Business student who was strangled to death over the weekend after it was revealed she was seeing two men at the same time.
From this, he managed to set up his first business - a retail shop in Lungujja, while in S4 vacation.
The New Vision added 5 new photos — with Anagela Oliveira and 4 others at @Wakaliga.
The Chief of Defence Forces (CDF), Gen David Muhoozi, has assured mourners that they are going to get the assassins who killed Gen.
With Charity winning the toss and opting to field, it was a tight bowling that saw Wanderers' Mary Nanderenga and Naome Kayondo making 9 runs each as the extras were the only scorers with double digit figures.
Get the details #EPAPER- https://epaper.
Britain''S Prince George celebrates his second birthday Wednesday, when the royals are planning a small family gathering for the future king with his baby sister Charlotte as he embarks on the so-called "terrible twos".
Ivan Koreta, has warned army officers against joining the current political frenzy: http://cot.
U are a total mess.
Can't they use banks or mobile money to share the loot?
Silvester Arinaitwe Rwomukubwe said the dehumanizing and unprofessional manner in which some police officers acted to undress a woman who was on the Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) party team to Rukunguri, was so embarrassing to the nation and all mothers in the country.
We do conduct admission in the best universities at affordable fees.
The New Vision added 19 new photos — with Uchieng David Ngira and Balwana Andrew at Industrial Area.
Kadaga informed MPs that it is important to follow the advisories because coronavirus is contagious.
Ugandan pathologists in Dubai for the late Gen.
The New Vision is with Nakato Magie and 5 others.
Facebook said Thursday it would expand its climate information hub and direct its users to experts to debunk myths and hoaxes in a ramped-up effort to fight misinformation.
Details in tomorrow's paper and www.
A major state hospital in Zimbabwe has suspended routine surgery after running out of painkillers, local media reported Monday, underlining the country's worsening economic crisis.
This is a place in Kampala that has changed in the last 50 years.
The New Vision is with Bruce Julius Ruhiira and Adrone Kanyesigye.
-Easy – unlike some other sports, cycling does not require high levels of physical skill.
- See more at: .
But u making 30 years isn't the problem.
Throw chunks of meat to the crocodiles and if they just looked on, its sad news for the family.
M on my knees gal praying for u!
“President Yoweri Museveni is concerned about the high rate of unemployment among graduates churned out of Uganda’s universities”.
According to the Building Control (fees) Regulations 2020, which were gazetted on September 4, any structure, including a house, will be required to obtain an occupation permit before use.
Michael Currys sermon: We must discover the redemptive power of love.
"After the investigations, we shall release a report,” said Rumanyika, the URA spokesperson.
The Gunners scraped a 1-1 draw with the French champions despite a shaky defensive display which saw them concede after 42 seconds to an Edinson Cavani header.
We do not want anybody to impose their views on us.
sadly the president the appointment authority in most cases appoints officials based on his personal interest and those who try to be independent soon realise they face his wreath.
Police asked chemists in the Varmland region to remove the hand gels from shop floors after several teens became ill from consuming the products.
The great Inzzi calls from Uganda to congratulate Kiprotich.
The Catholic Brothers of Christian Instruction, locally referred to as the Brothers of Kisubi, have had a successful educational ministry that dates back to 1819, when their religious institute was founded.
Agarwar’s, Victoria University Health Care, Aga Khan University Health Care, UWOCASU, and MJAP.
Kiryowa has been a regular sight in Mpererwe trading centre.
Wafula was speaking at the Transparency International Uganda award ceremony, where Speaker of Parliament Rebecca Kadaga, Auditor General John Muwanga, Director of the Criminal Intelligence and Investigations Grace Akullo and Justice James Ogoola, the chairperson of the Judicial Service Commission were recognized for their unwavering fight against corruption.
“All of us have experienced some wonderful moments with Brendan as manager and we are confident he will enjoy a long career in the game.
German midfielder Ilkay Gundogan 25-year-old has joined Manchester City from Bundesliga side Borussia Dortmund on a four-year deal, the Premier League club announced on Thursday.
infrastructure, human resource, fragmented market, interference with private sector and democracy.
In the BEAT: BRIDE & GROOM EXPO COMES OF AGE.
Women activists storm #YUASA offices as Pakistani #gang-rape saga rages on.
At least eight health workers, and one Police officer are among 25 people in Kikuube district that have tested positive for COVID-19.
The number of people killed in France by the coronavirus outbreak has increased by another 112 to a total of 674.
<P><Em>South American football body last week stripped Colombia of co-hosting duties over deadly unrest.
Find how security has tightened rules on court attendance.
Bebecool keep up the good work of positively highlighting how innovative President kyagulanyi is.
High Court in Soroti has handed a man a 12 year prison sentence for murdering his own two children.
British artist Alex Chinneck's illusory piece, entitled "Pick yourself up and pull yourself together", and on display in the working car park for a week, sees a Vauxhall car suspended upside down, appearing to be gripping onto a peeled back length of tarmac.
Kwoyelo claims he has a confession to make to the President.
Update: #Kenya's Rita Jeptoo wins Boston Marathon.
It started as a practical academic project by students and lecturers at the College of Engineering, Art, Design and Technology of Makerere University.
A group of 13,946 traders has sued tax collector Uganda Revenue Authority (URA), protesting the levying of domestic value added tax (VAT) on their imported goods, saying it is illegal.
Only Jesus can make you a saint.
Badru Kigundu, at his office in Kampala.
Situation caused by people themselves.
“The moment you accept responsibility for EVERYTHING in your life is the moment you gain the power to change ANYTHING in your life”.
Our undercover investigation exposes LDU extortion and torture.
When we are tempted to give up, help keep us going.
This trip is a bit overdue, because there was the Ebola problem.
I really miss her a lot but I have nothing to do.
Otherwise the modern day colonialists are just worse than the previous ones and that is why Africa is at the bottom of the development rung, even when it has the biggest natural resources base.
Just type ' How to make .
Do this news caption yr photo?
This was after a briefing on the Public Order Management Bill at the ministry of Foreign Affairs in Kampala today.
Violence is brute force and ignorance and not welcome in the presence of his Eternal and Imperial Majesty the Christ Allah!
Zimbabwe'S parliament on Tuesday banned anyone not vaccinated against Covid-19 from attending church services, the latest in a series of measures to boost uptake of the coronavirus jab.
These foods have been engineered to be "hyper-rewarding," so they trick our brains into eating more than we need, even leading to addiction in some people.
Rebecca Alitwala Kadaga is the first female Speaker of Parliament.
May the almighty strengthen you!
The New Vision is with Edreen Walker and Riccardo Losusui.
The New Vision is with Kiwanuka Meddie.
Schools are opening: Are you prepared?
Us ambassador to Uganda Deborah Malac claims Uganda’s image is being dented by the infringement on press freedom.
The outbreak of Ebola in Uganda is coming to an end; no new confirmed cases have been reported since 3 August.
But making more money?
The United Arab Emirates said Tuesday it has launched a permanent residency scheme to attract wealthy individuals and highly skilled workers to the oil-rich Gulf country.
Patrick Amuriat embraced it, Muntu defied it.
David Chandi Jamwa was found guilty of causing financial loss and sentenced to 12 years imprisonment.
A measles outbreak linked to a flareup of the virus in the United States has spiked in neighboring Canada's Quebec province to 119 cases, health officials said Wednesday.
What’S the difference between a job, career and a calling?
It is only the third nationwide referendum in UK history and comes after a four-month battle for votes between the Leave and Remain campaigns.
The announcement was made in Addis Ababa during meeting with the private sector captains of Africa where 32M USD was pledged.
One murder charged against the activist does not compare to the numerous deaths his advocating for.
The overprotective husband: Jealousy or too much love?
Have a handful of great friends or family members you can call so your significant other doesn’t have to hear every small grievance going on your life.
Owor, what of if he is gay?
The Uganda rugby U-19 team got stuck in Istanbul, finally traveled to Tunis but they lost their luggage!
Obote said museveni is not a Ugandan.
On a sad note, a priest died at Namugongo during the Martyrs Day festival, this and more in your copy of the New Vision.
Get the full story in today's New Vision.
May we honor you Today in all we think,say and do.
The current rains across the country are expected to continue for the next three weeks in August.
Yes the Pope is in Kenya.
That's what Counsel Tumusiime is calling the process of distributing voting materials to the polling stations around the country, and asks the Supreme Court to recognize that.
, Am mukiga kanyeihamba yeah.
Pro Nkurunziza forces said to be still controlling the national TV station and the presidential palace.
He is an incredibly strong man," said Ford's son Ben in a tweet.
Kalule said the mosque is a universal entity and should not be endorsing political candidates, organisations or parties.
Goals SEARCH ON FROM WORD GO: Reports from Cranes training this morning indicate that Massa, Okwi, Sula and Oloya could all start in offensive line-up against African champions Zambia tomorrow.
When the taxi driver takes an unfamiliar turn, why do we remove our earpiece to see properly ?
Jesper Sorensen, co-author of the study, says that, for these people, feeling that they cannot get ahead with their current employer; it is also the belief that they cannot get a better job with another employer.
Long live king Oyo We love you .
Good eating habits are easier to learn if eating is not such a big deal.
It'S good to lead by example, big-ups to, him.
Join me to wish all the women a happy women's day.
Women: 80,000 receive sh3b government funds.
Two police officers attached to Adjumani police station have been arrested following the death of a suspected cigarette smuggler.
What are your thoughts on the first half?
Ti's only a matter of giving them clear rules and guidelines of operation.
An accident has just taken place on Jinja highway, involving two commuter taxis and two motorcycles.
Wacha waseme don wanyama thats what they know well.
Man City are in total control of this game.
here in Kenya we don't think much about him anymore.
Welcoming the couple to Uganda, President Museveni appreciated the role of the late Che Guevara in the fight to transform Cuba.
We see the negative part of it in the next few days.
Ministry OF HEALTH TO HIRE S4 LEAVERS.
This is the concept that the ‘Teach a Man to Fish’ are engraving in about 338 schools in Uganda.
you are just a tribal club please keep at that.
He hu has plenty will b added mo!
Did YOU KNOW: Chewing gum makes you more alert, relieves stress and reduces anxiety levels.
Leo XIII (1878–1903): 25 years, 5 months and 1 day (9,281 days).
The man was named by local media as Syrian-born Abdul Hadi Arwani, formerly an imam at An-noor mosque.
Like the Middle East Consultants Limited Face Book page here .
Cuthbert, who is both the South African and African Champion also train Uganda riders on Thursday and Good Friday ahead of the event where she will take on Uganda’s Maxime Van Pee.
Former witchcraft practitioner Jjemba turns to God.
The greatest untapped resource available for improving the lives of our children is time with Dad - early and often.
I am shearing this testimony to partner suffering in their relationship because there is an enduring solution.
He told me he would get back to me, but he did not.
He joined Southampton in July 2013 and made 85 league appearances, scoring four times.
Pour the batter into your prepared loaf pan.
Grab yourself a copy of the New Vision 👉EPAPER: is.
Get real testimony from bus operaters here.
Kenya officials say they have arrested more than 10 suspects for questioning in relation to #WestgateAttack.
Man in Brazil to marry goat.
President Yoweri Museveni has said the government is committed to achieving 100% literacy levels in the country after upping the rate from 43% in 1986 to 77%.
Is Facebook the right place to grieve?
The risk posed by the Omicron variant is still "very high", the World Health Organization said Wednesday, after Covid-19 case numbers shot up by 11 percent globally last week.
52mn) sale of his apartment, situated close to Buckingham Palace.
Get their names and the awards in Saturday Vision #EPAPER- https://epaper.
A UPDF soldier, Cpl.
Northern Uganda is in high spirits as it prepares the visitation of President Yoweri Museveni on July 18 for the annual Mama Irene charity walk and memorial service at Boma grounds in Kitgum town.
Four women have been fined sh40000 each by city hall court for shouting in the city disrupting city dwellers' peace.
These & more, in the New Vision.
Breaking; The DPP has withdrawn charges of abuse of office from the two NRM youth, Adam Luzindana and Omodo Omodo after the parties agreed to settle the case out of court.
•They are expected to be fully functional at the end of the current financial year.
The New Vision is with Daris Edrine Senkuba and Tawlan Base.
Everything has got a beginning and an end also those who think that they purchased Uganda they should put that statement in their hearts.
Bravo M7 Ugandan are witnessing!
At least one person on Wednesday evening died on the spot in following a fatal accident at Mbiriizi town-https://goo.
The New Vision is with David Prince.
Arua Municipality MP Akbar Godi has been remanded to Luzira prison until February 11, 2011: http://ow.
School children are returning back home but the traffic jam on the road is 'crazy'.
A kaleidoscope of colours in the form of cultural outfits, blended with rich musical performances and an addictive, ubiquitous feel-good aura offer the perfect setting.
Construction of the largest ferry in Uganda with a carrying capacity of 300 passengers was done in Uganda at Masese, Jinja by JGH Marine A/S, a Danish firm.
Minster Nantaba allegedly failed to clear litigation costs that court awarded to Kiberu, in November last year by High Court judge; Alphonse Owiny-Dollo, after a legal battle in which court quashed the ministers orders.
That'S one way to put it.
Details in the New Vision 🗞️—.
Very OK with dat.
Residents of Aputon cell, Agule town council in Pallisa district have been left in shock after three heads of cattle belonging to Mary Among were electrocuted.
The #COVID19 mass vaccination exercise was moved from the Ministry of Health HQ to Kololo to deal with the growing numbers of people in need of the vaccine.
Leading from this place can create confusion, defensiveness and ultimately distract from the real issue.
The New Vision is with Ijurunga Ramu and Rhonna Kams.
Eg asking maths 2 law student .
Kcca doubles parking fees.
Why is Government being involved?
The New Vision is with Bagzee Godie and Ayi Van.
It may also be referred to by the acronym; HERS-EA.
Unfortunately some don’t reach safely, while others don’t return.
"The general rule of thumb is to up the amount of miles run, for races half-marathon length and longer, by 5 to 10 percent each week," advises Andrew Kastor.
Yuliya Zaripova of Russia wins Inzzi's race in a personal best of 9:06.
I hate such reckless drivers many innocent pedestrians and customers perish due to their irresponsible acts.
Voting material being brought in, to decide issue.
“This is a country blessed by nature, but cursed by greed.
By Herbert Ssempogo, Annet Naluggwa and Edward AnyoliA MAN yesterday walked to a Kampala Police station and allegedly confessed setting ablaze the Kasubi Tombs, a renowned world heritage site.
Read story in the New Vsion.
Great message well delivered!
I am a professor and he is not.
Let da voter 2 decide but putting in mind that a replace can't work like da original.
The cost of borrowing for the Government was cheaper in August, a signal that could most likely see a reverse in lending rates in the market.
Pope Francis renewed a call on Tuesday for the cancellation of debt owed by poor countries in the face of the coronavirus pandemic, saying it was time for restorative justice.
But why do people like earthly things when they haven't worked for them?
The African Green Initiative will be launched during an African Green Summit at the AEW 2022 to be held from October 31 to November 4, 2022, in Cape Town, South Africa.
A priest holds a cross and shield during deadly clashes in Kiev between anti-government protestors and security.
It is their business models which differ.
Once NRM loses power, that will be the end of it forever amen.
2007: The Anglican Archbishop of York, Ugandan-born John Sentamu angrily cut up his clerical collar live on British Television in protest of Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe's continued stay in power.
Mr.President, the world is changing everytime, and cannot remain in backward, must go forward with the new generation who can, thanks!
The First Lady and Minister of Education and Sports, Mrs Janet Museveni, has said Ugandans are grateful for the Uganda Teacher and School Effectiveness Project, funded by the Global Partnership for Education World Bank.
It was all excitement as residents of Serere district in eastern Uganda witnessed the handover of a renovated modern theatre at Serere Health Centre IV to the health centre authorities and the district officials.
Now the world's oldest national leader, his actual birthday on Tuesday has been honoured in a week-long extravaganza with state media filled with tributes and praise.
19 yr old Proscovia Alengot Oromait of NRM has become Ugandan’s youngest legislator after being declared winner in the Usuk County by-election.
According to an eye witnesses at Mulago, Rose Katushabe 25, a resident of Kikoni Kawempe, was admitted in the morning at 3B-E and later transferred to the fourth floor.
"It is with regret that we are writing to resign the Conservative whip and our membership of the party," Anna Soubry, Heidi Allen and Sarah Wollaston said in a joint letter to Prime Minister Theresa May.
Mr Gottschalk, who has been diagnosed with lymphoma, is on a waiting list to move into the same home as his wife.
How safe are our body parts when we go to Mulago Hospital?
The opposition has said there had been "massive fraud" and called for a recount of the vote.
Two decomposing bodies of a couple have been recovered from a rented house in water village cell, Tororo municipality.
Most memorable Olympics opening ceremony was at?
Full story Right pointing backhand index.
But y.what did he do?
Thomas Tuchel is unbeaten in six games as #Chelsea boss.
Nrm national treasurer, Rose Namayanja, was this afternoon involved in a motor accident at Kigogwa, along Bombo Road.
I was shocked he was saying all those things before the fight because I’m sure he knows how good I am.
She still comes to the dance, but of course things have become awkward between us.
Good luck frag bearers!
After a week in custody, suspects arrested in connection with the murder of Maria Nagirinya and her driver, Ronald Kitayimbwa, are still tight-lipped on who hired them.
#Jobalert Various Jobs at Education Service Commission.
National Dialogue not about politics, says Ogoola.
Sections of Jinja Road in Kampala have experienced flooding following the Tuesday evening downpour.
Read about how he has done it.
68 in Heat 2 to make it into final.
The Katikkiro of Buganda, Peter Charles Mayiga, has expressed the need for the Electoral Commission (EC) to push for free and fair elections in the general 2016 elections to promote peace.
Najjeera village chairman speaks out on Gen.
David Ssejusa any further extension of leave as he had requested.
i mean, guys dont have to hate, kill etc.
Load sheding is reduced where?
The New Vision is with EmpressLouet May Hall-Aidara.
The Uganda Prison Services (UPS) has warned the public on fraudsters who are luring unsuspecting relatives of prisoners promising to help them.
The New Vision is with Lynn Komugisha.
The cause of the fire is still unknown as victims cry out to government for aid.
Have you already got your #TwinsFestivalUG ticket?
The KMP spokesperson said Alex Cherotik, the suspect is under arrest and the killer gun retrieved by Police, as investigations get underway.
Nice work Jennifer go ahead.
The fire that broke out at 2.
For as long as I can remember, there's no single day he stayed in bed sick or just because he didn't have energy to get up.
And human flesh is no different.
James Rodriguez on five goals, Neymar four.
#Hitwishlist: Should the Government open bars yet?
2013 - In Egypt an Islamic summit urged Syrian opposition forces and members of Pres.
I cannot swim against the tide of political support President Museveni enjoys.
All Saints cathedral project on course.
Antelopes sunbathing in Lake Mburo National Game Park recently.
Dr Jolly Mabirizi, an animal research scientist, is doing urban farming on Kyakuwa Farm which is located on 2 decimals in Wakiso.
You are all negative .
Charles Kazibwe, was this morning found dead in her mother’s house at Dundu, Mukono district.
Should BIRTHDAY TREATS IN SCHOOLS BE BANNED?
Harvey Barnes and substitute Jamie Vardy each score a brace to complete the Foxes' total dominance tonight.
372 trillion in mobile money transaction value.
The New Vision is with James Kabunga.
He was constantly travelling and during his travels, he would stay away for more than a month.
Your dream will never cone true.
Follow your friends, experts, favorite celebrities, and breaking news.
Express traffic penalties to bite harder.
Her VISION: Polycystic ovary syndrome; the little known cause of infertility.
I could feel the pressure coming off the bend and that's when I had to focus.
Keep in mind what grandmoms always say.
You're bigger than any storm and we are confident that when You calm this storm, we'll emerge victorious and better than ever.
Buyende/Kamuli RAINSTORM: Bereaved families to get sh500,000 condolence money.
“You could easily tell that hard work and perseverance go hand in hand with patience.
Hoima municipality leaders are in trouble over the road project.
Place grilled wings in a large bowl.
With no conjugal rights in Uganda's prisons, how did HIV spread in Luzira Prisons?
Check out and see Pakasa Vision for more information.
And how have you had to adjust?
The body of South Africa's revered anti-apartheid fighter Archbishop Desmond Tutu, who died at the weekend aged 90, will lie in state for two days ahead of his funeral on New Year's Day.
-Does Muntu’s party pause a threat to FDC?
Police implicated in car theft.
Instead they must be brooding over --businesses and leisurely tours missed.
New QUEEN ON THE BLOCK!
Matia Kasaija: The fertility rate has declined from an average of 6.
"Our wedding took place a week after the introduction," he says.
Police in riot gear fired tear gas and stun grenades at protesters venting fury at the death of George Floyd.
We may say it;s cheap politics but God must have played a greater role.
Museveni,Us envoys discus trade deals.
Four times this year, Yasuhiro Murotatsu has challenged the Sudanese.
Gospel bells have they ring overland 4rm sea 2sea.
The genesis of the mystery that has gripped the village with intrigue, and brewed hostility between the Police and Brigadier Kasirye Ggwanga, a brother to the tycoon, is a 15-year old boy who is reportedly communicating with the spirit of the missing person, Livingstone Lubega.
Vendors woke up Friday morning to streets filled with Police, UPDF and KCCA enforcement officers guarding and patrolling the streets where the vendors have been transacting business for the last three months.
,so heart breaking indeed.
The Democratic Party has opposed a proposal by the Government to redo the National Anthem.
Brig keep up de positive mind.
“Dear Christians do not celebrate Christ's birth in a manner that does not bring glory to God,” said the Anglican Bishop of Soroti Diocese, Kosea Odongo.
What times did they post?
Am ask like me.
"We should be firm and calm as we begin our journey to State House.
Doc has melted poor Marita's heart!
One thinking of being it under this regime they must be kidding.
New vision God is there?
Unfortunately, the boat was washed down the dam’s spillway before she could be saved.
So,This $400 is a one way or two ways ticket?
Heheheh I warned Uganda about all this.
This was the biggest ever score in the final of the competition’s history.
These are the latest creations of Boston Dynamics, a US robotics company part-funded by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (Darpa).
A family friend former Ndorwa West MP Steven Bamwanga, yesterday told New Vision that the cause of death is yet to established, as the death was mysterious and now subject to Police probe.
This year’s race themed "Run with your heart" attracted elite runners from 10 countries including Ethiopia, Tanzania, Rwanda, Rwanda, Kenya and hosts Uganda.
“It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do”.
His first, and his handle is first to be verified.
In an apparent row back from comments he made on his way back from the Philippines, the Argentinian pontiff argued that an unfair economic system is the primary cause of poverty, rather than overpopulation.
Please always keep us updated.
The Mpondwe-Lhubiriha water project is located in Bukonzo county near the border of Uganda and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Wakeup please naye tuswaala.
y wd they want 2 kip athas wea they r yet they r hesitant 2 change?
Like the Middle East Consultants Limited Face Book page here.
We know the New Vision Digital Experience was a grand name but #VisionDigitalExperience has that special ring to it that we couldn’t resist.
Mike Mukula was the Chief Guest.
President Yoweri Museveni is expected to make his 14th national address on the COVID-19 situation in the country on Tuesday night.
Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg wants people to be able to quickly express broader ranges of feelings at the leading online social network, but a "dislike" button doesn't make the cut.
Has he been cleared by Medical Board?
Serugo’s throat was allegedly slit by his friend, only identified as Dennis, as people watched.
The New Vision is with Muhindo Isaac and 11 others.
Buy a copy or subscribe for a digital copy here; ecopy.
Details in the New Vision-http://bit.
Its tough but if you put God first, everything else can be done.
Would she care to protect herself from HIV, given that she is not worried about getting pregnant?
South Sudanese girl was killed last year just because of piece of necklace only.
Imagine if these wer the past presidents.
This is in response to the COVID-19 disruption in 2020 - Visit www.
This is good news for farmers.
After all the shame!
It doesn’t matter if you love a certain brand more than any other brand in the world – it might not offer the right shoe for your foot or your fit.
Bank of Uganda has taken over the management of Global Trust Bank Uganda Ltd with its current management and board of directors suspended.
Police have intensified the search for the missing IHK Doctor, Catherine Agaba.
It started out as a small family house in the 1960s but his father, the late Sherali Bandali Jaffer, built it into a luxurious hotel of its time, hosting Pope Paul IV on his maiden trip to Africa.
If they feel government doesn't pay enough, let them look for private schools that pay more.
When using spanking as a disciplinary method, avoid using your hand but designate a wooden spoon, slipper, rod or stick that can be used to administer the punishment .
Uniforms in Uganda used to be mainly khaki shorts for boys and ‘Jinja’ (cotton made) skirts.
Turkish officials have made no comment, but a source confirmed to RT that the incident took place.
Get a copy of the Sunday Vision for details-https://vpg.
The Ugandan Head of State noted that many African countries had supported creation of the ICC "because we abhor impunity".
6sq miles of forest in Kiboga, Mityana and Bugiri districts through his New Forests Company (UK) Limited.
City mayor Edison Asaba Ruyonga said the remodelling will attract new residents to the city.
Every man for his stomach!
The army has achieved a lot after those talkers left".
President Museveni: "#Sejusa is already a deserter he has already made a lot of mistakes he will be handled by the law.
Kisiki details how Beautiful ones rarely see opportunities.
They had been sent on forced leave.
Germany'S Angela Merkel heads into what is expected to be her last EU summit Thursday, with admiration from her fellow leaders after 16 years in power tempered by a sober sizing-up of her achievements.
Chopper carrying the casket containing the remains of the late AIGP Andrew Felix Kaweesi's remains takes off to Lwengo.
Lord I cast all my cares and burdens unto you.
Before you strength train, spend 10 minutes on a rowing machine to get blood flowing to all the muscles and joints in your body.
Health workers at Mulago Hospital have expressed concern over the increasing number of parents turning to witchcraft for their sick children, instead of taking them to hospital.
Grab your copy of the Sunday Vision for 'FRESH' News as you set yourself for the Uganda Cranes Vs Comoros today at Namboole -http//.
Let's be sensible and think straight.
Some policemen and women have not read the Constitution and the Penal Code that they are supposed to enforce, according to the Uganda Human Rights Commission (UHRC).
Get the details in today’s paper.
The New Vision is with Peter Tommy Mafabi.
Twinkle speaks out through her films, but is she seeing the world around her for what it truly is, or has her perspective become warped by long-held assumptions?
Former president of the opposition Forum for Democratic (FDC) has said Uganda is facing enormous challenges, calling upon Ugandans to pray for the country they call home.
Leicester announced the sacking of manager Claude Puel on Sunday following the struggling Premier League side's sixth defeat in seven games.
Twelve people from upcountry towns have won a fully paid trip to visit Kampala and Entebbe International airport courtesy of Vision Group Company.
I recently told her that I am not ready for marriage and that she has to think about going back to her parents’ home.
Now last weekend, my brother called me up to go meet his girlfriend at one of the restaurants in town.
Green Arop, say what?
Chief Executive, Dr. Julius Kipng’etich, said: “We have closed down Kabalagala and Natete branches in Uganda as part of the ongoing rationalization of the business in order to stop financial bleeding and get Uchumi Supermarkets back on its feet.
If all employees are working in a cordial relationship, there will be easy growth because they understand each other.
Misao Okawa, the world's oldest person, is wished a happy birthday by Takehiro Ogura, the chief of Higashisumiyoshi Ward, Osaka.
A Umeme network auditor in Kampala has been killed by unknown assailants at his home in Busiika in Wakiso district.
Ugandans guard yourselves you dont have police or army it belongs to someone alone.
As the death toll in the fuel tanker accident hits 22, President Yoweri Museveni has sent his condolences.
How do they do it?
Who are Mugabi’s parents?
This debate raises pertinent issues, owing to the fact that for Uganda, it gradually affects the admission policies in schools and universities; with more focus being put on sciences.
Rt @newvisionwire: Gallery of the latest pictures from election day http://see.
A bride whose wedding was nipped in the bud by the ruthless hand of death broke down as she narrated her ordeal after news started trickling in that her husband-in waiting had drowned -https://goo.
The New Vision is with Prince Jerix Jeremy and 2 others.
In the 20s age bracket, it is easy to feel like you have the world at your feet.
Let him confess it.
What do they show?
Ths # tag has been misused.
Uganda'S year-on-year inflation rate rose to 3.
Why are people up in arms over the dam?
"A true leader *thinks* of his people as member of his own family, he cares for them and look *after them* at all *time*".
Reliable sources revealed to New Vision that the release will be done on Friday morning, at a venue in Kampala city, yet to be officially communicated.
Big trill deserves the endorsements!
Archbishop John Sentamu: "His heart was as big as the universe.
Today was also her Dad's (Bobby Brown) Birthday.
I hope they will survive the competition.
Goalless at Stamford Bridge.
In HEALTH &BEAUTY : Did you know that the state of your tongue says a lot about your health?
March 17, 2018 marks a year later after the death of AIGP Andrew Felix Kaweesi.
Read the detailed story in today’s New Vision.
Oasis Tours and Travel Dubai branch and Kampala branch.
But why are Kaveras made if they can cause cancer?
A teacher accused of receiving sh7m in salary without working has been charged with causing financial loss before Anti-Corruption Court in Kampala.
In every place incense and pure offerings will be brought to me, because my name will be great among the nations,” says the LORD Almighty.
00 am on Saturday at James Ogola hostel forced the students to flee through the windows and in the process Yorakim Turyomusi a first year student of bachelor of Agro processing engineering was deeply cut by the glass on the left hand.
Relax least you burn out too early (for yourself).
A voluntary group says it rescues over 30 people from the lake and retrieves about 20 bodies every month.
<P>The 6ft3  She Cranes goal shooter left the club alongside close friend and South African goalkeeper Phumza Maweni.
Sejusa to attend tomorrow's parliamentary session or have his parliamentary seat declared vacant.
I knw uganda has all sorts of transportation wen it comes to things like this.
I went through a few very difficult years where I felt like a failure.
Uganda National Bureau of Standards (UNBS) is re-introducing a programme intended to curb entry of substandard goods into the country for the safety of consumers, Parliament has heard.
World Environment day: A global celebration of nature, a day to reconnect with the places that matter most to.
Become "friends with benefits" with NSSF Uganda and stand a chance to win Millions of Shillings.
Our online replica of the newspaper, the E-paper will also be available for FREE early Tuesday while you can get our Book on Uganda@50 for ONLY 100,000.
Find out why, in the first place, the diplomas had been cancelled and how many students were affected.
Zero-Hour on climate, but United Nations talks in another time zone 🕑 👉🏾.
why wish him trouble?
Abraham James Byandala has been remanded by the Anti-corruption Court after he appeared together with 5 suspects and charged over the Katosi Road scam.
Agnes Namyalo Mayanja has been appointed Executive Director for KCB Bank Uganda Limited.
Check out and like Pakasa Vision for a downloadable soft copy.
All countries that were affected by the the pandemic are going back to normal.
But the kitchen vocubulary for today is some how hectic '.
Rashida Asadi, aged six and a pupil of Rise and Shine Primary School Soroti was knocked dead Thursday Evening.
He grew up in a Christian home and attended church regularly with his family.
Details of this story in your copy of The Sunday Vision.
Spread over cream cheese layer.
The feud between Jennifer Musisi, the Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) excutive director and the authority’s political wing, has forced the Lord Mayor, Erias Lukwago, to suspend council meetings until February next year.
Anna Nabwiire, the mother of the deceased, says that the victim doused herself with petrol and set herself on fire.
According to The Police under the command of Mbale DPC, Badru Kato Arafat, they raided The Stop and Relux Bar, owned by a senior army officer in the UPDF.
Believing in yourself, your skills, and your ability to succeed are critical success factors for your career development.
Matia Kasaija: I have provided an additional Shs.
Get yourself a copy or access the #EPAPER —.
But much like the Capulets and Montagues, conflicts between cast members threaten to bring the whole performance to a halt.
i mean about the sms u said he received two days before his death?
Local governments have returned sh32b to the treasury which they were unable to spend in 2011/2012 financial year.
The national youth manifesto 2021-26 has been launched, it aims at contributing to a peaceful and prosperous Uganda.
🇯🇵 Dubbed as 'Twitter killer', a Japanese man has been sentenced to death for murdering people he met on Twitter.
On this day at 2:00pm, God brought you into this world and into my life.
In particular, the @IntlCrimCourt's Prosecutor attaches great importance to meeting with affected communities and as such, related meetings have been planned and incorporated into this visit’s itinerary.
“Simon Peter had never been to the seminary.
Uganda will be the fourth African country to host the races.
“I have been able to fingerprint Tor browser users in controlled environments and I think it could be interesting to share all the findings for further discussion and to improve Tor browser,” he said on his website.
I think he should first be made to repay.
Somalia'S escalating political crisis has alarmed its neighbours and Western countries as heavily armed factions patrolled parts of the capital Mogadishu, raising fears that the tensions could erupt into violence.
Nonetheless, the youthful corporates on Thursday afternoon forgot about the scare of not beating deadline and celebrated the imminent birth of Jesus Christ.
Ms Banda had earlier said Tuesday's vote had been marred by rigging, multiple voting and computer-hacking.
Uganda to withdraw troops from Somalia, PM Amama Mbabazi says in parliament.
You get what you paid for.
At the start, Stephen Kiprotich knew the spotlight was not on him.
Crying keeps you healthy by literally flushing away harmful bacteria and reducing stress.
While many people were away in the countryside for Christmas, back in the city, it was a calmer aura as the earlybirds went about their work.
Da inasparing Lord Mayor to 2 kam in 2016.
De TYM IS UP.
The President Of the United States Of America.
Haven'T tested it yet!
Mugisha Muntu vehemently dismissed the allegations.
The person with the most hilarious caption wins a Konshens ticket.
When Nangwedde’s father fell ill and died, he was buried in the forest at Namiringa village because no one knew his other family members.
Nrm speaks out on Amama Mbabazi.
It is on record, that the Ministry of Education had directed them to be closed claiming the schools, which are spread in various parts of the country, had a poor hygiene, unapproved teaching curriculum and employed unqualified teachers.
Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari has made good on a promise to reward the players after the 1985 tournament, when he was the military head of state.
Golola Moses will be facing down a Romanian Kick boxer; Poczo Zoltan tomorrow at Natete Dance floor.
Adam Kalungi, boyfriend of the deceased Butaleja MP, Cerinah Nebanda is led to the Special Investigations Unit at Kireka before he was shown to the press.
The New Vision is with Baluku Jim James and 2 others.
For he says the prayer of a wicked man is an abomination to me.
Museveni received portraits of the late Ernesto Che Guevara.
Fourteen new districts approved by the Cabinet this week have been named and take effect July 1.
Front Page of today's NEW VISION.
Get your copy here-https://vpg.
By why the baboon of all animals ?
Y not to invite ugandan anti -riot to finish dat work ?
As we start this day, help us remember what difference it makes when we make time with you a priority.
Mondo Kagonyera presided over the function at University’s playground.
Heck yeah, I have visions, you should see what I envisioned, this is my proclamation, my brain and hands are itching to reach my destination, if I encounter a altercation, then it’s straight to deletion, this is legitimate preaching, I forgot rest.
The New Vision is with Justones Cyril.
The hijacker is 31-year-old Hailemedehin Abera Tagegn, has been working with the national carrier for five years and has no criminal record.
It is a privilege that this child, this bundle of joy has come through you and arrived in your house.
6 percent of the blocking was done on mobile devices rather than computers.
I know we were meant to be together in this profession but I took the most painful decision to leave Team No Sleep and she chose to stay there.
He should stop blindfolding us even in the opposition there is widesprade corruption.
The New Vision is with Robert Kabushenga and 2 others.
Please can we have a list of all cadre judges so that we know what to expect of them.
Auditions for Western #Uganda Live at Agip Motel.
The world is keenly awaiting Trump's choice for the top diplomat role, scrutinizing his search for clues as to the direction US policy will take after he is sworn in on January 20.
A South African court has dismissed former president Jacob Zuma's attempts to appeal against a high court order to pay his own legal fees, estimated at around 10 million rand ($727,200).
The words are too tiny, congested pages and less catchy layout.
I want to go back to my original black skin says Bad Black http://ow.
Thomas Ayeko is close behind that pack.
8b from Dott Services.
At least 14 people were killed after Hurricane Laura slammed into the southern US states of Louisiana and Texas.
Ng gifts removes those memories that are brought back by the nice gifts we could have shared.
Pre-Eclampsia-A MAJOR CAUSE OF MATERNAL DEATH.
President Jacob Zuma has urged Gauteng residents not to “think like Africans in Africa” and pay their etolls.
The parliamentary committee on education investigating allegations of sexual harassment by security officers when they were deployed to handle students demonstrations last month at Makerere University is stuck after failing to get witnesses.
But it really bothers me when you show up so late.
There were 239 people on board.
Is their word final?
Over $61m (about sh158b) has been set aside to facilitate accident emergency units among other critical wings in hospitals and health centres on highways across the country.
Muhamadi Kamoga, the MD of Kamoga Property Consultants knew as early as his preteen years that he wanted to get into property management after his poor family was evicted from a piece of land on which they partially derived their subsistence.
but more,, he will find his way home.
Will it reach the intended.
Are u not just making funs wd friends?
The Police on Monday confirmed they had arrested 21 suspected rebels of Uganda Coalition for Change (UCFC) linked to the killing of four police officers in Mityana and Kiboga and theft of four guns.
On the pitch, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's men are battling Austrian league's runners-up.
All the six Uganda Cubs players hitherto injured from Lusaka returned to play fulltime.
He did not go there to for freedom.
Is this a mockery of some sort or what?
Love is what you seek with your children, isn’t it?
Day and night bills are thrown into the parliament to be discussed but we the citizens are left in despair when mps and the chair of the house fail to come up with resolutions.
Okapel High School has been closed indefinitely following an early morning strike by students who are protesting against their head master Alphos Alumu.
got no prob with that.
Rather the lacoona in the law be addressed and followers stop being fleeched of their money, which may best be done by the better educated.
Police spokesperson, Fred Enanga says MP Allan Ssewanyana was re-arrested on fresh charges of treason and incitement of violence.
The United Nations General Assembly on Friday adopted a $3.
Did u know that however much ur corrupt, despotic n nepoti leader there is that time to go.
I don't know S.Africa.
#Syriacrisis: An Iranian strategic expert has warned that one of the daughters of U.S. President Barack Obama will be kidnapped and raped if America carries out a military strike on Syria.
He is on his way to becoming a commisioned officer.
Don'T let your child miss the 'TOTO CHRISTMAS FESTIVAL' this Sunday at Kyadondo Rugby grounds.
'Why should we have to run all over the airport trying to validate parking tickets and then find there's no change for a sh10,000 note?
President Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo of Equatorial Guinea arrived in Uganda Friday for a two-day official visit at the invitation of President Yoweri Museveni.
On second viewing that own goal from John Boye was extremely unlucky.
We would b celebrating his.
Brilliant work Uganda crane, we are going some were.
I wonder with our H.E, is just spending money giving it to mp's to go and look out for the people's suggestions about the marriage and divorce bill,its better for him to pay the money to this company,on top giving money to people in sacks in busoga region.
But the arrogance of doing it in public is another.
There is no doubting that in today’s world, technology plays an important role in everyone’s life but face-to-face interaction still is a key skill and companies appreciate soft skills.
5 percent of the votes counted, the Supreme Electoral Tribunal said.
Mumbere'S palace a crime scene says Police .
Where did the money go?
Uganda People’s Congress (UPC), the party that led Uganda to independence, has called for a national convention involving the NRM, the opposition and all stakeholders to lead to the creation of a new constitution that the party says, will be agreeable to all Ugandans.
On Valentine’s Day this year, the campus girl sent Joel a text message, with the meaning of different colours of flowers.
5 billion years ago, said lead researcher Allen Nutman of the University of Wollongong.
Final word from the final man ,.
Ben Flower banned until April 14 2015 after being found guilty of Grade F violent & aggressive punching.
The British foreign secretary Robin Cook said at the time, that the International Criminal Court was not set up to bring to book Prime Ministers of the United Kingdom or Presidents of the United States.
Heavily-Armed jihadists killed six members of a civilian militia pursuing them after an attack in Burkina Faso's east, a local mayor said Saturday.
Implying that we can't punish the crime because we don't have jail space in Uganda for 45 million criminals.
Read Full Story here;http://bit.
Kipsiro makes it to final.
The TDA flag bearer was meant to be besigye, that was the aim of TDA's formation, but with the emergence of Mbabazi, Uganda's 2nd most powerful politician after Sevo , they got too scared!
M7 has been using bkackmailing to kill.
This is not a matter between US and China, its between the world and China.
Coat chicken pieces in flour mixture.
#2021Recap: Uganda's #Olympics team returned from Tokyo in style.
Escape to a world of great entertainment, news, music, fun and information.
How do you play with your child?
Today, we celebrate 35 years of uninterrupted publication of news.
Now it looks like Uganda must win their last three fixtures - starting today against Nepal to have any chance of qualifying for the 2016 World Cup.
Read the New Vision for more -https://vpg.
Money and success don't change people; they merely amplify what is already there.
In his final visit to Ryakasinga archdeaconry, Bishop Katonene consecrated the new archdeacon of Ryakasinga, Ven.
Maybe u shld know worrying is not a choice.
But for 60 years or so, there has been no big war,” Museveni told EU diplomats and their guests at the celebration of the May 9, Europe Day.
Known for his signature raspy voice and guttural laughter when animated, Besigye – currently is in West Nile on campaigns for the presidency - cut a meek figure as he addressed worshipers at Moyo Catholic mission.
A French artist was entombed Wednesday inside a 12-tonne boulder for a week, saying: "I think I can take it".
The New Vision is with Phillyndah Wildblingbling and Moses Nathan Muhangi.
· Serve as sauce with any food of preference such as millet bread.
The wildlife team accompanied by the KCCA team Tuesday, climbed on the trees and picked the eggs, rescued nestlings of the marabou storks, cattle egrets and destroyed the nests.
I entered one with a choking smell at city Square and ran out after like 3 minutes before I could lose my life.
What issue do you want the president to address?
At least 19 people came under monitoring as a result and prosecutors then charged 27 individuals.
Speaker Oulanyah, ministers meet over detained NUP legislators.
Pilgrims giving gifts during offertory time.
It cited a communique issued by the ruling Communist Party after a four-day meeting in Beijing to chart the course of the world's second-largest economy over the next five years.
Real Madrid forward Cristiano Ronaldo said "if we were all at my level maybe we would be leaders" after his side's 1-0 derby defeat by Atletico Madrid.
#Phaneroo: This is the experience that will dart your life forever!
"I have also restructured the Ministry of Education and Sports to the Ministry of Education, Sports, Science and Technology".
"The authors told their stories out loud.
Eu uk and America condemn human rights violation but china will never care about how you treat your people all it cares about is doing business with you.
The likes of Kentucky Fried Chicken (KFC) and Domino's pizza are opening up in African growth markets from Nigeria to Angola to give consumers a taste of U.S. cuisine.
5 kilometre loop in the 42km event.
P. Nakoko and Kiryowa Kiwanuka.
A trailer carrying empty crates of beer has caught fire, in an accident at Ttamu, five kilometers from Mityana to Kampala.
Online learning is not seamless for children that have all along had physical classes.
Greed also got the better of him!
Uganda has also dropped two places to 24th on the continent.
The images show the widespread destruction in the rebel-held city of Homs.
The Mufti of Uganda Sheikh Shaban Mubajje has said that thanks to the current unity that there are no reports of Muslims fighting each other in Uganda.
Standing barefoot with arms outstretched, the 40 ton statue will tower over St. Aloysius Catholic Church in the mainly Christian village of Abajah in Nigeria's southeastern state of Imo.
Do not miss the details in the New Vision-https://vpg.
The little tym ,i was with him he was expecting that to happen .
May the Lord lift up His countenance upon you, and give you peace.
Nasasira enjoying his root poor Byandala to pay the price.
When we do this, we avoid the blame game".
Can you read their minds?
Have not read the details hurrying to collect firewood.
At least 6 wounded after anti-tank missile strikes #IDF vehicle in Har Dov area near #Lebanese border.
The two teams have previously met six times - UCU won twice, KIU once.
Richard Strong, in an effort to find a vaccine for cholera, accidentally gave 13 inmates of a Manila prison the bubonic plague.
people let's check our offices.
T fellows" have been attempting in their submissions today in the court to to fool people by saying no for all the evils that transpired in the election!
Any errors made in a judicial process are self-corrected within the judicial process.
He says that 10 members of the security forces have been injured and are getting treatment.
Felix Kulayigye will be chairing the sub-committee on security and accreditation of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Conference delegates.
By June 2014, claimed Assange that the district court would nullify the decision on detention.
Are Ugandans becoming hard to lead?
Corporal punishment: When the cost is lifelong.
Peter must be a pegan pretending to be knowing abible.
I think the government must regulate the transport systems.
The Barca striker rarely goes in the referee's book, but he does here for a foul.
Let this Christmas prayer be special as everyone is dressed not only in their best but also in appropriate outfits.
Photo taken from the exact same spot in Afghanistan, 1972 and again in 2005.
The New Vision added 50 new photos.
Months after leaving Kenyan top-flight side Kakamega Boyz in the wake of match-fixing allegations, veteran Ugandan coach Paul Nkata is returning to the touchline - this time back home with Mbarara City.
Why is the Ug govt so concerned abt him.
Parents to pay for UPE children who repeat.
Wakiso estate developer accused of using ‘witchcraft’ in 235-acre land grab.
The New Vision updated their cover photo.
Picture OF THE DAY: Some of the suspects arrested for early morning drinking in Budadiri, Sironko district.
I hear international observers.
The chairman of the electoral commission has issued the number of registered voters for Feb 18 polls as 15,277,198.
Is he just leading me on?
I knew he was a Ugandan Munyarwanda Hutu but I was not sure which part of Uganda.
Nway I dont like twins.
It'S funny what makes "news" lately.
Never allow her to be rude or say hurtful things to you or anyone else.
And by the way,MPs should have been on the forefront urging and demanding government to make necessary preparations against the epidemic.
Information and National Guidance Minister Chris Baryomunsi says the US travel sanctions against Government of Uganda officials will not in any way affect them.
64Th Graduation ceremony of Makerere University.
Who is Justice Steven Kavuma?
However much the criminal can twist the justice system of Uganda and buy the judges, state arttoney , dpp, etc let them know that out there there is an innocent soul crying praying 🙏 to God every day for things change that every individuals who commits a crime should be tried without a favor.
Are you planning to attend the Twins Festival on August 25?
@ Edison jr .
Details in Sunday Vision 👉 #EPAPER: is.
Kampala Lord Mayor Erias Lukwago has called for a joint effort by city leaders to tackle the problems affecting communities as a result of migration and violation of civil rights.
I apologize to her.
President Yoweri Museveni at the altar at Namirembe Cathedral yesterday.
Bukedde Television and Urban Television viewers have a package wrapped and delivered to them as a national golden jubilee gift as Uganda marks 50 years of independence on October 9.
They'Re just looking for assertive accountability!
The Gunners have not lost in a Premier League game at Liverpool since 2007.
what happened to her can happen to anybody.
The New Vision is with Patsy Blanchard-Adams.
The New Vision is with Wasswa Arafat and Ronald Walusimbi Ronaways.
It cost him his place at Euro 2016 and he also missed Liverpool’s appearance in the Europa League final against Sevilla.
The bail issue clearly reveals how low the president and the institutions of governments have sank .
What do you say?
Moreen Kemigisha, a resident of Kamwokya, Kifumbira Zone in Kawempe division Kampala is in need of assistance to look after her three sons.
Uk Ugandan Convention 2012: Finance Minister Maria Kiwanuka explains Uganda's economic situation.
He has since made billions from photography.
The priests were abducted by gunmen on Sunday from the church in Poza Rica, in the crime-plagued state of Veracruz, said Father Jose Alberto Guerrero, a local spokesman for the bishops' conference in Teziutlan, Puebla state, where the victims were based.
That has given us hope as Iteso that he has alot of trust in us and I can promise that I will not disappoint him' - Maj.
Finance state minister David Bahati has urged Ugandans not to be complacent in the fight against COVID-19.
How can Peng Peng being raped like that!
A group called Webale Museveni has rewarded President Yoweri Museveni with a medal, certificate and also bestowed upon him the title of Father of the Nation for "transforming the country from the toxic days of instability to a vibrant state that now exports peace in the region and beyond".
It'S sad these kids gave no shoes in 2013 when M7 can afford a private jet and a limo Benz!
Unra is a big office where theft is practiced well.
How will the scores be after this match?
Music star, Bebe Cool and his wife, Zuena suffered a serious car accident this afternoon.
What CAUSES BREAST TUMOURS?
A businessman in Victoria Falls last week reportedly offered two elephants, two buffalos, two sable antelopes and five impala to be slaughtered for Mugabe's birthday party.
A narration of Bobi Wine’s 24 hours before his arrest.
Take a piping bag fit with a nozzle, and fill in up with the egg mixture.
The daily trading turnover on Forex amounts to about 4 trillion US dollars, which by 30 times exceeds the joined volume of all stock markets in the USA.
Low lighting may seem like a cheesy cliché, but it really can set a mood, making your living room feel cozy and giving your bedroom a sexy vibe.
“I have pride in President Yoweri Museveni because of his tremendous achievements in the development of the country and peace building".
Are you making the best of the #lockdown?
Je soutiendrais tjr,et je suis tjr pour ce qui font le bien,est vous partisan de bien?
Jackson Robert Macheri, district physical planner has been charged with abuse of office and allegedly obtaining sh66m from a construction company.
However, its demand in Europe and Asia is quickly turning it into a major crop.
Kasirye is as arrogant as probably Tumukunde.
Our focus turns to home and family for emotional security during the Sun's month-long visit to the sign of the hard-shelled Crab.
5 years in a penal colony for breaching parole terms while in Germany recovering from a poisoning attack.
The New Vision is with Ericko Generaly.
Kayihura GRILLED OVER RWANDAN REFUGEES.
No,Doz zoo attendants must answer quetions.
Jose Mourinho is still unbeaten in all 61 PL home matches as Chelsea manager at Stamford Bridge (47 wins, 14 draws).
) Republic of Congo.
Does it mean that dis priest has judged us?
East Africa's media gurus form a regional body to fast-track integration -Impressed by initiative, President Museveni gave a lecture on integration to owners of media houses, Chief Executive Officers and Chief Editors from East Africa's 5 countries.
The office of the Directorate of Public Prosecutions (DPP) has sanctioned murder charges against four suspected killers of social worker Maria Nagirinya and her driver.
Ghana was led to independence by Kwame Nkrumah who transformed the country into a republic.
Vinand Nantulya explains 👇🏿http://bit.
Then why pass in short cuts?
The duo had travelled to Lisbon for official engagements.
Senior immigration officer Alenyo Marshall created a stir in London Saturday when he told Ugandans who hold British passports that they are not Ugandans!
That'S true some schools in urban areas teach there P7 candidates how to pass exams only.
For instance, to travel by taxi from Kampala to Mukono, one had to part with 8k, up from 5k.
Scripture is being fulfilled!
How about the RSA rand?
Voting is under way in a historic referendum on whether the UK should remain a member of the European Union or leave.
Then he took her to Pallisa Hospital, but all in vain.
Tutu, 84, underwent a "minor surgical procedure" last week to determine the cause of a "recurring infection".
Mix in processed cheese, Cheddar cheese, and cream.
Subscribe to #EPAPER; bit.
0 TOYOTA HUMMER BUS=#520,000.
Boda boda riders opposed to #KCCA demand that they register their motor cycles are rioting and having running battles with the police between Wandegeya, Mulago and Bwaise areas.
Another idiotc African president.
And to share with us the noble plans so that we can highlight them in our media platforms and summit them in our newspapers on Saturday.
So don't rush with words.
Is this supposed to be like Miss Uganda contest or?
Nothing commands respect more than a good work ethic.
They should be tried and prosecuted in public to send a clear message to their colleagues.
After the numerous failed attempts in the past, can the opposition pull it off this time around?
He said that it was important for persons of the Cardinal and Bishops to come out and talk strongly against the removal of term limits because the Christians they lead are the same people the government leads.
The U.S. Department of Defense has signed an agreement to develop the manned hoverbike for human use, in some cases replacing the helicopter.
What is your view on this?
Find out where the new move is emanating from.
China, where everything that is fake originates.
Opposition leaders disagree on Museveni ouster.
A strike by taxi operators paralysed transport in Jinja and the entire Busoga region as drivers protested the hike in penalties brought about by the revised express penalty scheme (EPS).
Gov'T is not persecuting Mbabazi, says Rugunda.
There are many reasons why Alex Gayana, the subject of our lead story in Pakasa today, is an exemplary young entrepreneur.
Isn't #football such a beautiful game!
"People who opted for land relocation are suffering and they feel neglected.
Exactly 30 days to the commence of the Tokyo Olympics.
My friend Diana is still in pain at Kampala Hospital.
The 44-year-old had hollowed out a hole in the rock just big enough for him to sit, with a niche to hold supplies of water, soup and dried meat.
Amuriat faults Museveni for dropping Kayihura, Mbabazi, Tumukunde, details in the New Vision.
The fire that broke out on Haruna Towers on Sunday damaged only a media training studio belonging to the Global Institute of Information Technology and Business, Makerere, but the institute and other companies on the building resumed business shortly afterwards.
"This year's World Children's Day is extra special as it coincides with the 30 years of the CRC.
The army cannot be ordered by courts of law … the army would not accept this business of being ordered by judges .
Silvestor Kugonza from the Uganda Management Institute calls for laws providing for national disaster management to address catastrophes such as the boat accident.
South Africans were awaiting the first results on Thursday of closely-watched polls which will be the first measure of whether President Cyril Ramaphosa can reinvigorate support for the ruling ANC.
The New Vision is with Kebirungi Angellah and Martha Cephas.
Kenyan minister says ‘we have access to CCTV and are in complete control’, adding more than 1,000 people have been rescued from the Westgate shopping centre since the terrorists started shooting.
President Museveni is expected to address the nation today at 4pm, in light of confirmation of eight new cases of #Covid-19.
Today'S Front Page; Museveni Sends Ministers to meet District NRM leaders.
But even in retirement I will continue with God's ministry not politics".
Does your child have worms?
<P><Em>Typically, Hass avocados mature after two years and a single mature tree can produce more than 3,000  fruits.
Oba the dead bodies are too many?
Some of those named include the Director of Public Prosecutions, Richard Butera, and Justice Faith Mwondha.
Updf burns 25 tonnes of impounded fish.
Remember uganda will never grow old and the guy you are protecting is not having more 20 years to rule the pearl of Africa, please have mercy upon our nation because he will never run away with you guys.
The lorries have turned off on to a road towards a rebel-controlled border crossing in the Luhansk region.
Place the chicken, garlic, onions and peppers in the bowl, and marinate in the refrigerator at least 2 hours (the longer the better).
But when I did some hit songs, he let me be.
He is the problems in our country .
Everything were taken and shared by bayarwanda.
Through a post on his Facebook page, Mr Zuckerberg said he wants to "learn more about mobile money".
Last week nude pictures of the artist Desire Luzinda were leaked by her ex-lover Franklin Emuobor.
Honestly, New Vision has nothing to put on Facebook, they are telling us about the World Cup as if We don't have access to TV.
Wat Wd Make Headlines Is "aplane Crash".
They also queried why the interdicted bursar, Edward Beyendeza, is still earning a full salary of sh2m instead of half pay.
The presidency was forced to issue a statement late Friday night acknowledging that the line was lifted from Obama.
one hyena skin, one leopard skin.
David Tinyefunza has vowed to arrest Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) Executive Director Jennifer Musisi over intentions to evict him from the official mayor’s residence.
Consumers will not experience load-shedding at any time as power deficit has been wiped out, at least for 24 months.
He was discovered sitting in a dark-colored Volkswagen Passat with gunshot wounds on Tuesday morning in Greenhill, Wembley, in northern London after police responded to reports of a shooting.
The Monday afternoon ceremony will see Mayiga becoming the fourth Katikkiro during Kabaka Muwenda Mutebi’s reign.
Wh doesn’t know that killing is a sin?
Bebo,Can you imagine such a leader?
The Police in Nateete, in the outskirts of Kampala have arrested several prostitutes and their clients following of nude shows being staged in notorious bars in the area.
Thx so much .
Cial or otherwise),one may selfishly seek out organisations that may give a helping hand.
#Nvcovidtales: ' “We were strictly instructed not to unplug the oxygen for any reason, so we were provided with buckets by the bedside in case we wanted to ease ourselves" - Mark Otile.
By Hillary Nsambu and Anne MugisaPRINCE John Barigye has dragged the Government to the Constitutional Court over its refusal to recognise the Ankole Kingdom.
Find story in the Saturday Vision-https://vpg.
Paul Nsubuga, the Member of Parliament elect, Busiro North was today produced before Buganda Road Court and charged with theft.
The New Vision is with Sue Gracy Mwemeke and 24 others.
So it's Human Rights Amnesty Vs Electorate (people/ voters of Iran).
As time draws near for Katniss and Peeta to visit the districts on the Capitol’s cruel Victory Tour, the stakes are higher than ever.
With 19 minutes played so far at St Mary's Stadium, it is still 0-0.
The epic soccer encounter between #Uganda #cranes and #Senegal’s Lions of Teranga will be starting shortly.
Long overdue Let them go.
National Certificate exams which were differed from November/ December last year will commence on Monday (March 15, 2021), UBTEB has revealed.
May be they were trained from Garamba forest!
The Anti- Corruption Court has issued criminal summons against the former principal accountant in the prime minister’s Geoffrey Kazinda for failing to honour his bail terms.
But the High Court in Mombasa has acquitted the two main suspects - Dyna Salim and Mahadi Swaleh – on all 60 counts of murder.
5 trillion last year, showing an increase in export earnings.
The New Vision is with Tabaiha Moses.
The fight against criminals has gotten tighter after the President pronounced himself on the vice.
The Nile Water war raises several questions, from who sold the water to what is the government doing about it?
"The attackers came as the worshippers were gathering to offer Eid prayers.
His wife Leah Tutu said she was "overjoyed" to have him home, saying she would help nurture him back to full health.
#Arsenal advance to the round of 16 after knocking out #Benfica 4-3 on aggregate.
The World Health Organization on Thursday announced that Liberia, recently ravaged by Ebola, was free of the virus, 42 days after the last confirmed case passed a second negative test.
The national celebrations are taking place in Agago district, with a push to unite workers for social and economic advancement.
Ethiopia'S Endeshaw Negesse won.
Even those who took slaves got problems’ – President @KagutaMuseveni.
Did you know that throwing mineral water bottles along roads will soon land you in jail?
Our reporters give updates here.
A mammoth crowd is expected to welcome songbird Iryn Namubiru on her arrival at Entebbe Airport today.
Child rights activists want the Government to halt issuance of legal guardianship orders to anyone seeking adoption, arguing that it has been manipulated by child traffickers.
This helps you look younger and adds more quality into your life.
My family and I knew no other maid and to this day we have never got another.
I’m depressed because I’m getting nowhere with women.
Have a blessed Sunday.
Caeser Acellam, has revealed that the leader of the Lord’s Resistance Army (LRA), Joseph Kony, has lost contact with all his commanders following intensive pursuit by the UPDF and the American troops.
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer admitted on Tuesday that Manchester United will not be capable of competing for the Premier League title next season in a stark assessment of the current gulf between his side and Wednesday's opponents Manchester City.
A member of the East African Legislative Assembly, Bernard Mulengani, has sued Mulago Hospital and AAR health services over the death of his wife http://ow.
That was obviously a dig at Samsung, whose Galaxy S4 will be competing head to head starting Sept.
A date for the meeting to replace Hailemariam has not yet been announced, but the stage is set for the most contentious battle to elect a leader in the party's 27-year.
Grab a copy of today's New Vision for the latest news.
The New Vision is with Seruk Besto.
South Africa's former president Jacob Zuma can appeal a court ruling last week that he should not enjoy medical parole and should return to jail.
Those laughing what is funny?
Studies have suggested that gifted people often have bad handwriting because their brains are working faster than their hands.
Ucc was initially set to switch off fake phones tomorrow, but its decision to postpone for another seven months a policy directive which is bound to affect thousands of people is informed by the need to mitigate the expected impact.
2016 please don't vote NRM.
Right now, we are keeping our relationship secret.
If it isn't human then what do you call it!
Three health workers at Masaka Hospital have been admitted after testing positive for COVID-19.
Ugandan musicians want Uganda Performance Rights Society (UPRS) boss James Wasula investigated over royalties.
God has many reasons for the poverty, misery, and worst of all diseases like covid-19, cancer and HIV.
For a second year in a row, Russian President Vladimir Putin has beaten Barack Obama to the title of world's most powerful leader as ranked by Forbes.
Infact this will save some candidates from wasting their money on campaigns.
Leonarda Dibrani was detained by police during a school trip earlier this month and deported to Kosovo along with her parents and five siblings -- a case that has triggered an angry backlash and landed France's Interior Minister Manuel Valls in hot water.
He wanted to be a pilot so he offered sciences at A level.
We'Re going in with a holistic approach so we are optimistic we can make Citarum clean again, just like it was 50 or 60 years ago.
Zebra crossing along Jinja Road in #Kampala.
Yosiah Masereke, a medical officer in charge of Ntoroko Health Centre III confirmed that the 15 dead children included 14 who were under five years of age.
Also log on to www.
Sheikh Ali Kizza Kasule said they closed the mosque following death of several Muslims due to COVID-19.
Grab a copy now.
The New Vision is with Kiwanuka Ivan.
Catch all the latest sports updates in our free copy of 'Goal' in Saturday Vision.
The New Vision added 22 new photos.
Market vendors displaying and selling merchandise on the Kampala - Jinja section of the Railway line in Kireka at the level crossing.
Did you go for Konshens and Alaine's Concert last night?
Core inflation, which excludes food crops, fuel, electricity and metered water, dropped to 5.
Students of Mulago School of Nurses and Midwifery have gone on strike protesting ten months of power blackout.
The Bishop of Namirembe, Wilberforce Kityo Luwalira, has asked youths to stop the habit of destroying posters of the contesting candidates which he said it incites violence in the community.
This kind of reporting irks me up.
God really needs to save us .
Demolition job for @realmadrid, 5-0 aggregate winners over @FCBayern.
Her classmates think she’s the reclusive princess of Maradova, not a sweet country girl from Cornwall.
Fill the prepared mini muffin cups about half full.
Former army commander Maj.
For a company to go public, offering IPO its means.
Museveni condemns killing,orders for security cameras, Details of the story in the New Vision.
Someone in Kampala approached me inquiring about my plans to contest for the country's presidency and even offered to support the bid.
Which subjects do you teach Betty Adeke Oba ?
Double standards by president museveni.
He said he would not resign from office.
Did they think of the poor service delivery in the absence of the ambulance when they trounced her?
Hahahaha, its like a pregnant lady telling u she is virgin.
Grab a copy or subscrbe to our epaper on the link, .
What a miracle meeting a woman dressed in blue like him.
Religious leaders call for calm.
Her rejection does not go over well with the masses who witness it, and Nik is trapped until a handsome doctor by the name of Carlos Ibarra comes to her rescue.
<P>Havertz rounded Ederson to score three minutes before half-time at the Estadio do Dragao and the Chelsea players ran to celebrate with the German.
The missile, called Bulsae-3, was tested on a range during a visit by North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, who said it passed and was ready for series production.
“Over the six months up to December 31, 2014, we saw increased interest income, which was boosted by higher returns on our fixed income investments,” Richard Byarugaba, the managing director, said.
Kahwa a member from the Cranes club was elected unopposed to the top position during an elective assembly presided over by Badru Sabili on Saturday at the National Council of Sports at Lugogo.
The congregation was small with most of the seats being empty.
Unbs, now URA, soon UNRA, UPDF, UNEB.
Anger and grief have built since Sunday when a police officer in Kenosha shot a black man seven times at point-blank range while three of his children watched.
Ritah Namisango, the University's spokesperson said any outstanding personality and current member of staff or current student at the university may be nominated for the annual awards.
-He says he will send spies to town, and you'll get your licences canceled.
Then let's not allow Kenya trucks in as well.
The list of centers per district;.
We are halfway into the opening half at Pride Park Stadium.
Germany'S finding that Alexey Navalny was poisoned with nerve agent Novichok shows that only the Russian state could be responsible, the head of the opposition leader's organisation says.
slowly slowly and before u know it.
Can we count on you?
Apart from fast times, the new route also gives spectators a chance to more closely follow the runners.
Motorcycle taxis popularly known as boda-bodas will have to vacate the city center by September, the director engineering and technical services of Kampala Capital City (KCCA), Andrew Kitaka has said.
50m and a trip to the Netherlands.
“The El-Adde attack against friendly forces should be a launch pad that will embolden, strengthen and motivate us to go all out and hunt down Al Shabaab and other armed enemies of Somalia.
Check out and like Pakasa Vision for more on Mukono South MP, Rev.
President Yoweri Museveni has paid tribute to the Pakistan consul in Uganda and Kampala businessman, Bonney Katatumba who died of colon cancer at International Hospital Kampala on Thursday.
The New Vision is with Bannet Pro.
Russia, China and Iran can make the mammoth vessels useless by new weapons, tech and tactics.
Mix 1/2 cup sugar, 1/4 cup margarine, and nutmeg in a large bowl.
Lewis Hamilton ended a messy qualifying session at the Grand Prix of Europe with a crash, smashed suspension and 10th on the grid.
Nigeria Sultan will grace the Kabaka’s coronation fete.
Al - Jazeera's James Bays probed President Museveni on a number of issues including Uganda mediated peace process in Congo, the African Intervention Force, engagement of Drones, conflict in Somalia, the situation in Central African Republic (CAR), the ICC vis a vis Kenya, the International Criminal Court's perceived bias on Africa to the recent closure of the Monitor and Red Pepper publications, Regional Integration, Uganda's struggle against corruption, his 27 year-long tenure of leadership and the future of Uganda and Africa in General.
Just when she finally achieved some success; the banks were foreclosing on her property and she was struggling with bank loans.
This is wrong the entire month indirectly campaigning for him.
The seminary located 34 kilometres on Kampala-Mityana highway and about 200 meters off the main road is the only junior seminary in Kampala Archdiocese, where young Catholic boys from primary four to primary seven are trained for the priesthood.
The crowd manhandled him out of the place throwing stones and hurling insults at him.
Police release picture of suspected Prosecutor Joan Kagezi killer.
These are the only enduring relations.
The New Vision is with Priscilla Nvanunji.
Cerinah Nebanda during the requiem mass at Christ the King Church Kampala alleged that people posing as New Vision journalists approached him and asked him to allow them pronounce that his daughter died of a heart attack.
This follows a petition to Parliament by the students complaining about the policy and a host of other grievances they want to see attended to including urgent renovations at the university, accountability of funds, ‘dodging’ of lectures by lecturers, sanitation and the student’s loan scheme.
So u mean God made a mistake to place them in India and not Uganda!
Icpau offers three courses: Certified Public Accountants (CPA) course, Certified Tax Advisor (CTA) course and Accounting Technicians Diploma (ATD) course.
Beijing 2008/ London 2012/Barcelona 1992.
On this episode of The Love Notes, Dr Love gives you tips on how to survive in the wake of the #CoronaVirus spreading like wild fire.
Parliament honors Mathias Nsubuga.
A man believed to have been the boss of gang that terrorises bodaboda riders was lynched in the wee hours of Sunday morning.
Find the tale of two women who were shot dead in the city suburb.
U go there n u come back as u went there.
New vision plz apologise for that headline.
The back-to-back cyclones that have ravaged Mozambique are unprecedented in recorded history, the UN said Friday, as it planned to examine the country's defences against extreme weather in the light of climate change.
Bernard Lagat of the US has predicted a crazy final 2000m in the final of the 5000m on Saturday.
My first time to hear his name!
This comes after unknown men severally attacked her home, leaving her husband for dead on one occasion.
Chill until firm and cut into squares.
But you guys how can u arrest suspect like this.
Well, others have discovered the use of blankets too.
“Unhealthy diets with lots of salt, fats and sugars, physical inactivity, predispose us to high blood pressure.
In all, an estimated 463 million children lack the equipment or electronic access to pursue distance learning, said the report from UNICEF.
Are you a man, woman, business man, student, military personnel, civil servant etc.
The committee said the meeting takes place at the State House Entebbe in theafternoon-http://bit.
Its an amazing feeling for me.
Consists of caves, historic sites, water falls, camp sites and winding forest walk ways.
They are earning the same or even more money than their partners nowadays.
In chaos, there is opportunity.
And what happens to my dear hair.
Read today's New Vision for the details.
In PAKASA:Mistakes bought Natif's success .
Prime Minister Boris Johnson has said it is "very, very likely" the talks will fail, and Britain will revert to World Trade Organization (WTO) terms.
Aruu County MP Odonga Otto is proposing a 10-year term of office for all elective political posts in the country.
Before getting married I told my husband that I expected him to take care of the big issues such as school fees, food, clothes and rent, while I only came in to support.
I think Mao and Akena will be given ministries .
Read Right pointing backhand indexhttp://bit.
A storm is brewing between Uganda, Rwanda business communities and Kenyan Government over compensation following the 2008 Post Election related violence.
and dumb I know we are stupid but that dumb?
Crested Cranes on the verge of extinction.
On Monday students rose up against the 100% fees payment policy, paralyzing lectures and other activities for three days.
Dead bodies, known as cadavers in medical literature, are used by students to study the anatomy of a human body.
#Beijing - Animal rights campaigners have launched a poster campaign urging Chinese diners to turn down cat and dog dishes, with the group calling for the creatures to be considered "friends not food".
This is the best so far.
So far the ballots from 14,708 polling stations out of 28,010 polling stations have been received.
Some good Samaritans climbed up and convinced him to change his mind.
They were due to arrive in the Gulf late on Saturday.
Your mother's clan doesn't count in finding loved ones, Its only your Dad's.
It is better to limit the damage rather than exacerbate it".
Front Page of Today's NEW VISION.
The New Vision is with Sisa Kevin Osire.
They are not enemies of the state.
One eyewitness claimed that the driver of the Toyota Wish was on phone as she eased into the highway.
The Government has instituted new fines for churches, mosques and individuals who fail to register marriages , failure by couples to register customary marriage now attracts a sh40,000 fine, while churches, mosques and Hindu temples is sh70,000.
Educated women engage in cheating more than their less educated or uneducated counterparts, according to the newly-released results of the Uganda Demographic and Health Survey (UDHS).
Mayiga made a stopover in different areas that included Salaama,Kitebi and Najjanankumbi.
#Yemen'S worst fuel crisis.
The Ministry of Health has clarified that Shanita Namuyimbwa aka Bad Black offered her services for free.
I could not resist the urge to laugh out loud when I saw that screaming headline on Red kamulari.
High court judge, David Batema has criticised university leaders for expelling adult female students who get pregnant instead of considering their unique natural maternal function in society.
The Republican presidential nominee raised issues on Tuesday night about his Democratic rival’s policy of “military adventurism” and homebrew server to a capacity crowd that chanted “lock her up”.
Are we headed for the dreaded penalty shootout?
Cyclist yesterday and fell in front of a car that was joining #Makerere Hill Road in Kampala.
Amuriat is scheduled to address mini rallies in Bikurungu, Bugangari, Rwerere and Kasoroza before addressing a main rally at Rukungiri main stadium at 4:00pm.
Eversince the world was created the worst part of racism is italy i think fifa should come with arule of relegating the whole team since it is saidone frog can spoil water for the rest too.
Dr Chris Mukiza, the executive director of the Uganda Bureau of Statistics (UBOS) told the media that policymakers have to find solutions that will enable all Ugandans to afford a bar of soap whose use reduces the spread of diseases.
De women's r de one to test da salt, Brazil it wil.
The New Vision added 63 new photos — with Sophie Achola and 3 others.
But the president is gambling with Ugandans, buli kimu ekikye kyakapapula.
"Believe you can and you're halfway there".
That means, my money is my money.
Find out who they are and what awaits them.
The National Resistance Movement (NRM) applauded the fallen second Deputy Prime Minister, Ali Kivejinja for wholeheartedly serving his nation and the NRM party.
Amidst ululations from hundreds of his subjects who turned at Mengo, the Kabaka arrived at the palace at about 11:00am.
The motion was moved by Saleh Kebzabo (Chad), who argued that the Pan African Parliament, the legislative arm of the African Union, needed to be independent of the executive, the African Union Commission (AUC).
Is debt the next problem after COVID-19?
This is how Group G stands after the first round of matches, with Germany and the United States in pole position.
We do not need unnecessary susceptibility perpetrations for the country.
Find the details to this story In today's New Vision.
We'Re in 21st century and someone is still thinking of using hoes.
So the solution (u think) is drinking alcohol.
Minister Nantaba opposes govt on land.
#Wuliraeddoboozi: Come let us sing and praise unto the Lord.
South Korean officials have said North Korea could be ready to conduct another nuclear test at any time.
All the cases are Ugandan nationals from Elegu, Mutukula and Malaba points.
To name new look cabinet tonight.
The New Vision is with Andrew Mwesiga and Kato Zziwa.
After submitting his resignation, Egypt’s Vice President Mohammed al-Baradei says there were “peaceful means” to solve the crisis in the country.
Hope HE IS aware of the programme at 10pm .
23 new COVID-19 cases have been confirmed in Uganda bringing the total to 198 confirmed cases.
The Bulgarians accused of forging several Stanbic Bank ATM cards receive their sentence today after being found guilty.
Kyamadidi, who contested on the independent ticket, lost to the NRM flag bearer and former area MP, Charles Ngabirano.
The New Vision added 15 new photos — at Kololo Airstrip "Independence Grounds".
Liverpool centre-back Virgil van Dijk was named as England's PFA Player of the Year for 2019 on Sunday.
The reason my friend and him didn't get on was because she was in love with her ex and had a 5 month old baby with him and they were getting back together.
An advert for a house in Indonesia has gone viral online after the woman selling it offered to throw in an unusual extra feature for free -- her hand in marriage.
Until The Two Enemies Exist No More.
#Brideandgroomexpo: Movit will be showing its range of skincare products.
#EPAPER via - https://t.
The New Vision is with Philip Mangori and 4 others.
Ugandans pay him to guard against external forces attacking ugandans.
Nowadays, it is not strange to hear the clergy warning the congregation to guard their property because “not all of us have come to pray”.
It's about 15min drive from Stade de Marrakech.
He wasn't even doing anything, There was not one sign there.
Geoffrey Kazinda the former principal accountant in the Office of the Prime Minister (OPM) was on Wednesday morning scheduled to appear at the Anti-Corruption Court to face charges of illicit enrichment.
On the first of September I'm having a big charity auction for the Mo Farah Foundation".
Pope Francis urged Catholic priests on Tuesday to "have the courage" to go out and help those sickened by the novel coronavirus, hours after Italy was placed on a nationwide lockdown.
The Minister of State for primary education Dr. JC Muyingo has encouraged graduates to engage in politics as the country is preparing for the 2016 general elections.
The Government has boosted a Savings and Credit Cooperative Society (SACCOS) in Bushenyi district with sh1b.
What can be done to assist them come out?
Same sparks expected as Uganda Open tees off.
U mean mugabe can also still kiss.
The institute which is the second in the whole of Africa next to the Lung Institute of the University of Cape Town is aimed at addressing lung-related diseases which.
Gen Levi Karuhanga last week convicted Uganda People's Defense Forces (UPDF) Pte Wilson Cheptai, 39, of two counts of murder and causing grievous bodily harm, after prosecution adduced enough evidence to incriminate him.
See details in the New Vision-https://vpg.
Mengo area into the city, traffic is slow.
We are more interested in Uganda,and her political progress.
Let'S welcome the weekend with your most requested songs.
Ohh Please, Give us a break!
Kenya security said they have isolated the militants inside the mall and added that the remaining number of people being held hostage are about 10, as Westgate siege enters day 3.
Many received his declaration with skepticism, calling it a ploy to make an extra buck off empathic sentiments.
Fyonna Nsubuga is the singer behind the big tune balled Esaawa.
Today, she runs Halleluiah Beauty Products, a multi-million herbal cosmetics company.
✓Talk show panel – how the updated CPA benchmarks for democratic legislatures has been used to strengthen the capacity of CPA legislatures.
My ex-boyfriend is a really bad person.
A source in the education sector has revealed that the Uganda National Examinations Board is proposing to conduct exams in October when the schools open.
What really caused the fracas.
Wedding hangs in balance after groom goes missing.
“I am not going anywhere.
Teachings about Prophet Muhammad ( Peace be upon him ) state that during one war, an enemy announced his conversion to Islam and one of the soldiers killed him, when the soldier was reported to the Prophet for his crime, he said that he believed the enemy converted just to save his life.
Samples from two more people, which were taken to the Uganda Virus Research Institute in Entebbe on Tuesday for testing, have turned out negative for Marburg.
The prominent media expert died on Sunday at Mulago National Referral Hospital where she had been admitted.
The Police have issued a press release detailing out Forum for Democratic Change President Kizza Besigye's route chart for today’s campaigns, the last on the Electoral Commission's schedule, in Kampala.
Aids for good 11 years with no solution, the diseases almost took my life and cause i was unable to work and i was also loosing lots of money for medication, but one faithful day when i went online, i met lots of testimonies about this great man so i decided to give it a try and to God be the glory he did it.
He was among many high level government officials from various countries, ambassadors, members of the diplomatic coup and the public who turned up at the Belgium Embassy in Kampala yesterday.
Charles Peter Mayiga at Wakisoduring his Kasubi Tomb Fundraising drive in the district Headquarters, 13 Feb 2014.
The Police have released Joy Doreen Biira, a journalist who was arrested during Saturday’s raid by UPDF and Police on the palace of the Omusinga (king) of Rwenzururu kingdom in Kasese.
He started by fumigating people’s offices as early as senior two.
Is it a junk?
so what do you mean by AFRICAN CULTURE, ARTS AND HERITAGE?
The Monitor Publications Ltd. managing director, Alex Asimwe on Monday expressed shock over the way the Police sealed off their premises to conduct a search for documents allegedly authored by Gen.
"We're in the process of talking about rotational forces, bombers and tankers out of Australia and it gives us the opportunity to train with Australia," Commander of US Pacific Air Forces, General Lori Robinson, told journalists in Canberra as cited by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.
The Government has released sh23bn for 60,000 pensioners, ending the long wait that many have endured.
Police has no role in this.
Follow Us on Twitter: .
Acclaimed auteur Christopher Nolan directs this World War II thriller about the evacuation of Allied troops from the French city of Dunkirk before Nazi forces can take hold.
The 39-year-old brother of Jordan's King Abdullah was a member of his country's special forces, specialising in parachute jumps.
President Yoweri Museveni has received credentials of seven newly appointed envoys to Uganda at separate ceremonies held Tuesday afternoon at State House, Entebbe-https://goo.
Niger'S former president Mamadou Tandja has died.
Mobile policing by traffic police is better bse motorists especially public cars predict those police road broks n know where to drive fast n reckles n then slowly.
Come and Demand for accountability.
museven 71 i guess mzee pope is older!
Read the details in the New Vision, Tuesday December 14, 2021.
Have you spotted a selfless & excellent front line worker whom you would like us to publicly celebrate?
We WISH OUR DEAR MUSLIM BROTHERS AND SISTERS A HAPPY EID AL-ADHA.
It looks tasty, fishish, but again it's a snake.
Our coalition brings together influences from all political, religious and geographical horizons.
That is the very way they grill us during presentations.
The New Vision is with Emn's Wonder Oluma.
- Women in marketing Products.
The New Vision is with Ssekitooleko Emmanuel and Hgh Zgh Kgh.
<P>A star-studded side including Cristiano Ronaldo plus £100 million-worth ($138 million) of new signings in Raphael Varane and Jadon Sancho slipped to an embarrassing 2-1 loss in Bern.
Game One of Euro 2016 kicks off in three hours.
Grain traders have appealed to the World Food Programme (WFP) not to cancel their contracts.
“We apologise as members of the Seventh Parliament for the removal of term limits.
We believe in afrikanism thinking nt eurocetrism with satanic thoughts.
#Usa fans gather in #Chicago to watch the game.
The breakfast meeting is organised by the Nnabagereka Development Foundation (NDF) in partnership with the African Philanthropy Forum (APF).
The handshake looks at the money given to the youth and why it is considered as a bad debt.
That is why we decided to withdraw from this race and let others who are in the entertainment section lead," says Lillian Kamome during Bukedde TV's live debate going on now.
Details in the Sunday Vision-https://vpg.
Finance minister Matia Kasaija has arrived for the eagerly awaited function.
45' ⚽️ GOAL ALERT!
“The teachers have been teaching us throughout this lockdown.
His sentence will be read out shortly.
The latest reform was hailed by young Saudis but dismissed by arch-conservatives on social media, with one Twitter user saying it went against sharia, or Islamic.
Prisedent should start apointing young blood as his son in law has said cos these old men are dieing of fatiq.
A MASSIVE victory for the Jinja side and a HUGE blow to struggling Caterpillars, who have now lost five of their last six games.
All you are required to do is submit a 100 word essay on how you have transformed lives as a result of the benefits that you received before June 30 2016.
It'S the fake universities that should be sued for hoodwinking students.
In a 4:3 decision, the Supreme Court uphold the Constitutional Court age limit ruling, effectively quashing an appeal to nullify the decision.
The council’s agenda for the Saturday meeting included the Ebola epidemic in Africa, the rise of the Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria, the crisis in Ukraine and Moscow’s relations with Washington, presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov told the media.
Incompetent Police, How Can Atrained Professional Officer Say Such?
The New Vision added 3 new photos — at Buhweju, Uganda.
Online account opening now working.
Seriously wats wrong with these guys registering?
The commissioner for sports in the ministry of education and sports, science and technology Omara Apita has advised the Uganda Body Building and Fitness Association to use Ivan Byekwaso's current stardom to develop the sport.
Good work going on in buganda.
He Even Raped A Young Woman In Custody.
Hehe, looks like he was about to change seats, scared of someone who is comfortably seated and reading a map.
English shdnt be an issue here.
Over 300 workers of Darling Company Monday morning engaged the Police in running battles as they protested against delayed salaries and alleged poor working conditions.
Margaret N. Zziwa Speaker of The East African Legislative Assembly to adjourn the session.
Barcelona midfielder Cesc Fabregas, 26, says that Arsenal is in his heart and he would like to start his coaching career at his former club when he retires from playing.
Arsenal the season is ours.
But military should prepare to hand to civilian government as soon as possible.
Details and full report to follow on www.
Algeria partially reopened its borders Tuesday after more than a year of being sealed off because of the coronavirus pandemic.
Negative thoughts have no positive fruits but positive thoughts have, let not everyone know that u hav issues coz many now mind about themselvies n not others.
And NOW NEWSPAPERS HAVE BEGUN THEIR TRUSH PUBLICATION.
The joint civil society coalition, made up of more than 40 organisations, including human rights groups, has urged Parliament to review the clauses on mandatory testing of HIV, mandatory disclosure of a person’s HIV status and the criminalisation of intentional spread of the disease.
Now they'll suggest that parliament pays their nannies.
Do not miss what Luwero residents say about the man who called on Ugandans to produce more children.
We have details in today's paper.
Meloy begins her book with an epigraph from Teddy Roosevelt that warns: "Americans learn only from catastrophe, and not from experience".
Buy a copy of today's New Vision and get a free "Health and beauty" pull out with tips on how you can prevent bathroom falls and many more.
President Yoweri Museveni has appealed to the leaders of Sudan to unite and reform state institutions so that they are more inclusive to all parties to the conflict.
The news of urban television going on air on Monday afternoon spread like wildfire as everybody in Soroti town who owned a television set was turning on Urban Television.
May his gentle soul rest in perfect peace.
Not because Kayihura is not an MP, but because Leroy Sane was not included in the German squad flying to Russia for the World Cup.
Oxfam International Executive Director Winnie Byanyima says she is "honored" at her appointment by United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon to the first-ever High-Level Panel on Women's Economic Empowerment.
Rome has elected its first female mayor in its more than two-and-a-half millennia of existence.
#Qwela'S Anita (in blue) has done a very good job getting the attention of the audience.
The New Vision is with Yswa Graycie Jnr.
According to the Metropolitan Police, "the deceased died of natural causes from Kyana, Kalangala District & postmortem was carried out.
Studies indicate that physical and mental stress is the number one killer of breast milk production, especially in the first weeks after delivery.
Wow, that just wonderful.
"The Police and the army must improve on the way they operate and clean their image, which is already tarnished before the public,"said Bishop Joseph Antony Zziwa.
Best time of the men's 50m freestyle swimming heats George Richard Bovell of Trindad and Tobago in 21.
Ari Rosensweig has just moved to California from New York.
This is more dangerous than we know".
Balepuke anti there boss.
U guys are like ducks!
Full Figure ne Bbajjo nabo tuli nabo.
Cecafa General Secretary Nicholas Musonye has explained why teams are out of this year's CECAFA cup.
In a press conference there was a warning on european football by d king ov kings.
Aluta Continua Commorades In Somalia And Iraque.
Principally on infrastructure and home construction.
Peter Simani, the political parties disputes tribunal chairman and Mitul Shah, Bidco marketing director amongst 59 dead.
The onus is on Government to make sure the players are well facilitated and prepared for 2017.
2016 presidential race - Prof.
Do you plan to watch the Uganda v Zambia match?
Blackberry is to stop designing smartphones in-house after 14 years, the company has announced.
He stayed with us for a long time and he made a stronger move in the end".
Do you agree with him?
The New Vision is good in propagating .
New evidence pins Uganda Wild life Authority (UWA) on killings of seven people.
"That’S how #AmericaLeads—not with bluster, but with persistent, steady resolve".
"Encyclopedia" Kirunda Kivejinja has been laid to rest in Bugweri, as #Uganda🇺🇬 mourns its "hardworking servant".
"Its the reason we are moving cautiously to avoid loss of more lives," said a security official.
The President noted that the years 2011 and 2012 were full of economic challenges but were also full of economic opportunities for Uganda.
However, both are set to be upgraded into tourism sites.
why are they useles?
In order to test his might, Tugume is due to take on Ali Mohammed of Zanzibar in a build-up fight Kampala on Saturday.
"There’S no such thing as a failed romance.
The resident district commissioner (RDC) Margaret Mbeiza, disclosed that security is hunting for the leaders of the sect for frustrating Government programmes.
Really are we that backward?
Ngos that President Yoweri Museveni accused of funding MPs to oppose the Oil Bill have shot back.
Paul Mumya, 67, was born in a remote village in Kween district, in eastern Uganda.
#Technews: Hackers post account info of 4.
In light of job losses, persons with disabilities are banking their hopes on the recently assented to Persons with Disabilities Act 2019 to ensure they remain in employment.
She is as sexy as goddess, as fun as a subtle comedian and, as intelligent as an African owl in labour.
With a unique, classy, stylish and glamorous collection, BERYL Qouture-BQ by Anita Beryl.
"Police in Old Kampala is holding three suspects for kidnapping three pupils of City Parents School.
For the ladies,” he revealed.
"That has been my dilemma.
She also reveals why she is getting many calls from men after her husband’s death.
The New Vision is with Nana Brenda and Muhanguzi Comrade Gucciblanco.
Tell me the boda that drove kivejinja, bishop of masaka , mp robinah among others.
If you still use anti-biotics, you should know that 90% are no longer effective.
#Breakingnews: Manchester United manager David #Moyes has been sacked after 10 months in the job.
Thank You for the hope we find in You that enables us to hang in there as we wait for the storm to calm.
The New Vision is with Kalungi Simon Peter.
People had to relocate to higher ground and many took shelter in school buildings.
Because the world leading economy-USA has the biggest debt in the world.
Women like familiarity, how do you conceive in some one's home,!
When we relocated, I thought she would change, but she began from where she had stopped.
Most people use their LinkedIn headline to display the title of their job.
One man opened fire at two police officers, seriously injuring one, near La porte de Chatillon, Montrouge commune,south of Paris, police confirmed.
The New Vision is with Mogire Bobasi.
Makerere University Cutoff Points Out.
Paul Waiswa had a chat with her about the music industry.
Transport and Works Minister, Gen.
"Breeze View and Taweel Hotels, which are local boarding houses in Mpeketoni, Lamu County, were attacked and set on fire.
Let the owner take his land.
The launch took place during the celebrations to mark the 2015 International day of the girl child under the theme “The Power of the Adolescent Girl: Vision for 2030”.
The bodies of Hon.
Yes what are they hidding?
Heavy snow in northern and central provinces caused delays to dozens of trains, leaving passengers stranded.
Ithink ICC can not even do enough to quench the heart of people in northern uganda.
Ever rubbed Mukula the wrong way?
Is it true or words of NRM lking for votes or who says !
Just another election is de option .
On Saturday, Buganda Prince David Kintu Wasajja, the younger brother of Kabaka Ronald Muwenda Mutebi II wedded Marion Elizabeth Nankya at Rubaga Cathedral.
Officials at the multi-lateral agency offices in Kampala said the funding was halted in November last year arising from a value-for-money audit from the first tranche of $9.
It is the family in the steering.
There is no you can escape from them because they have cameras every where not like Uganda.
The New Vision is with Jamil Sseluyinda and 5 others.
All eligible persons who will take the coronavirus vaccine will be required to sign consent forms, Dr Jane Ruth Aceng has revealed.
It read; "Am on the way coming to Kampala via Gatuna Border-Mbarara-Masaka - Kampala.
Coffee farmers need alternative sources of Income.
Besides that she is always at our home and wants to be with him all the time.
Personal information, which is being referred to as the new oil has raised conflict between banks and fintech players.
In Today's New vision: Museveni, Uhuru discuss infrastructural projects.
Today, Mukesh, a Ugandan born in Arua, owns Shumuk Group of Companies, a conglomerate of over 10 companies with a ground investment in excess of $100m (over sh250b), employing over 2,000 people in Uganda, Rwanda and Burundi.
It is going to be hard, but .
I carry the Constitution every day, Kamuntu tells lawyers.
Those women who slept in the market for almost two months selling foodstuffs are Worth celebrating!
#Bestfarmers Regina Wabwire, a poultry farmer from Busia takes us through her succeess story.
The idea is that a business starts after the creator spots a gap in the market or a commercial opportunity.
He remained elusive for four years but on Monday he ran out of luck.
You have feet in your shoes.
Find out more in the New Vision #EPAPER-https://vpg.
Mix tomatoes with puree, chili powder, paprika, onion powder, garlic powder, salt, and cayenne pepper into ground beef mixture.
The Police have dismissed as baseless reports that the Inspector General of Police, Gen.
The 94-year-old was hospitalised "due to the recurrence of his lung infection" just before midnight on Wednesday.
The residents, however, have turned to waragi brewing as a means of survival.
Who doesn't know that him and the first lady just sugar coat they existence as first family just to avoid lamentation from the public.
What are your birthday messages?
Ugandans start returning home Thursday.
Fernandinho has been immense since he has come on.
An additional 4 on top of the 46 are dead and are awaiting cremation bse the authorities give a maximum of 21 days to the loved ones of these dead prisoners to pick up the bodies.
#Todayspic: Which part of Uganda or Africa could this be from and why?
Pay for your sins.
"The function of education is to teach one to think intensively and to think critically.
"The culture of appearance prevalent today, which persuades us to live for passing things, is a great deception," he said.
He caused dat to him self n hiz cavuyo.
Later they replanted it on his arm.
Urban TV is NOW available on DSTV, Go-TV , Star times, Azam, Zuku and Signet.
Mps have described him as an honest man who loved his party without pretense or hypocrisy.
Doctors don't know this boys name.
Says he won't be wearing a suit.
The suspects are alleged to have received between sh 10,000 to 570,000 as inducements.
Today is International Civil Aviation Day!
Yokohama Japan - Japan pledged African leaders a $32 billion in public and private support on Saturday to help growth on the continent and encourage Japanese firms to invest there over the next five years.
Make up for lost sleep as soon as possible.
Female proboscis monkeys may have large noses but the males are the ones with the gigantic sneezers, that may typically hang lower than their mouth.
Being close to the devil doesnot mean the devil loves you.
The 16 teams at the Africa Cup of Nations in Equatorial Guinea will share a total of $10 million with the champions earning $1.
Trump for US President, we all know what he promised to us ugandans.
Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea has reportedly been accused of organising a meeting between a prostitute and two footballers at which a woman claims she was sexually abused.
Uganda vehemently denies supporting the rebel outfit.
Let us forgive and forget when change comes.
Five people arrested in an operation that covered two days at Katwe, Kalerwe and Kamwokya.
President Yoweri Museveni has reiterated government’s commitment to help Ugandans get rid of poverty.
Nadiope was installed as the new king of Busoga on Saturday, replacing the late Henry Wako Muloki who died on September 1, 2008.
Cases of child labour had increased during the lockdown because some parents had lost their jobs, thus resorting to sending their children to fend for their families.
Best Wishes everybody and thanks MOH.
Read full story on this link;http://bit.
Julian Assange has subsequently appealed against the decision and including asks the Supreme Court to set aside the decision in absentia arrest.
Why do all people commenting here seem so negative.
Mama, the lady who smuggled Chinese is seen wearing a maroon top around the Apartments.
They said the manner in which it was collected was crude and made the Government unpopular.
Let land owners have peace atlast.
Venansis Baryamureeba officially hands over Makerere’s top administrative office to Prof.
Mum places her baby under a parked truck with no stoppers at Nakawuka in Wakiso District to watch a wrestling match.
Sprinkle with half of chopped Butterfinger.
My ex-husband got another family and sold everything we owned.
What should be done if that expectant and morever said be WHO?
I think we do after we export to the other country.
Yoweri Museveni used to be the darling of the West, how come Western leaders give Uganda a wide berth these days?
A state of emergency has been declared in affected areas and €50m (£42m) in funds pledged for rebuilding.
Sunday 24th November, 6am at Kololo Independence Grounds.
You will be there.
“They are now on the rail.
We have calenderr too, dont trust those gays/lesbians one little bit.
A vessel with an underwater robot has been searching an area north of the Egyptian coast.
The Police are investigating the killing of one of the Tabliq sect leaders in Uganda, Sheikh Mustafa Bahiga, with special focus on the leadership, family and business related wrangles as being the possible cause of his murder.
Yes Yes Yes " Founding Father " for Mzee JOMO Kenyatta is very very appropriate.
So dat was polish*t plan.
Let them first produce a Speaker material in JEEMA.
National Social Security Fund (NSSF) has announced a 13% interest to savers.
Ex-Iso staff charged over sh.
Do you agree with his assertions?
All are after money.
Scrap bond,bail for murder suspects,says Museveni .
The cartons of salt were offloaded by the owners however the truck is still in the trench.
Arresting one group is major crack down?
Says he doesn't believe that the youth are poor as they claim when he sees bars full of people all night every day.
Wabula musigaze nugu yamwe.
He has been diagnosed with lung cancer," Carol Thate said in a statement.
The International Committee of Red Cross has donated items to the Police to help in the fight against #Covid19Ug.
Today, Titus Kakembo looks at how fishermen are endangering Budongo forest in western Uganda, in a quest for wood to make boats.
U.S. warplanes carried out on Saturday airstrikes in northern Iraq near the Mosul dam which was seized earlier this month by Sunni fighters from the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), Kurdish news agency Rudaw reports.
The New Vision is with Kinyera Robert.
Find story in the New Vision.
A Chinese plane hunting for the missing Malaysia Airlines plane has spotted "suspicious" objects, state media say, as more nations joined the search.
#FathersDay-For this and more grab yourself a free copy in SundayVision-https://vpg.
Abandoned New World Mall, Bangkok, closed 1997.
Over 70% of Uganda’s population of 37 million people is under 30 years creating an acute housing shortage for residential and commercial purposes.
"Morning is God's way of saying one more time.
People even if your officers in positions let's think twice before we make declarations public, some of this officers have every thing in their reach and look those who are poverty stricken what do they expect them to use or do?
Josephine Angucia, the Police spokesperson for West Nile, said the suspect, currently under detention, has had a troubled upbringing.
mubupangisa pipo love development also .
(Here is a good read for you >>.
Good makeup is the goal for every bride.
Life HACKS: Take a pen to your interview.
Some people are calling for my resignation, but I can assure all Ugandans that I am going nowhere,” he said:http://bit.
27%) and Joseph Mabirizi got 23,762 (0.
However, towards the end of the first term holiday she ran away from home with her boyfriend.
EVERY WOMAN A DIFFERENT JOURNEY.
"Wayne has been an excellent captain for England and the manner in which he has fulfilled the role made it an easy decision for me to ask him to continue," Allardyce said.
A US university has launched an investigation after a professor admitted she had lied for years about being a black woman and is in fact white.
The New Vision is with Alex Serebe.
Details in the Health and beauty pullout.
#Breakingnews: Uganda National Examination Board Chairman Fagil Mandy has resigned his job after President Yoweri Museveni bypassed the board and renewed Executive Secretary Mathew Bukenya’s contract.
#Urbanupdates: The Ministry of Health has insisted that it will not pay any single coin to Shanita Namuyimbwa aka Bad Black for her messages to the public on COVID-19.
He says he recieved over 1000 phone calls after he appeared on Bukedde TV.
I wish the president had gone 4 a visit in kisoro.
Last evening, the force's deputy spokesperson Judith Nabakooba assured the nation,"we have been on alert and we shall not stop.
She expressed her “deep sympathy to the victims of the appalling attack” and prayed that the “hostages held in the mall have been safely delivered and for a swift end to this dire situation”.
Do please share your Uganda@50 photographs today with us.
The New Vision is with Ahairwe Prossy.
Did you learn only 3?
So they want people to feed on condoms or,and they are thinking of sex instead of providing more relief.
“The alarming deaths are because nearly all cyclists in the country hardly seek formal training in riding, road safety, signs and regulations,” Kasima said.
" stop fooling Ugandans?
The Police in Wakiso are still hunting for a driver whose vehicle was captured by the Police Closed Circuit Television (CCTV) camera crashing to death two people on a boda boda .
They have provided USB ports in this electric bus to keep our phone battery stable so as to send that important text before the battery runs out.
I am considering telling him upfront that I will not wait for him.
Oulanyah blasts MPs .
Eu delegates encounter difficult roads to Mt.
The alleged cell had members in various parts of impoverished upper Egypt and was led by an emir Mostafa Ahmed Abdelaal.
Long-Term goals are imperative, but they can make you feel overwhelmed or discouraged at times.
A presidential aspirant must submit 100 signatures of supporters from each of at least 75 of the 112 districts.
If there is any trouble during today's #IAAF World championships men's marathon race in Moscow for any Ugandan, it will not be the course at least.
Good work over there.
A decorated soldier, Kankiriho, 54, died on Monday at Nakasero Hospital.
While some think keeping a joint account as a couple, denies them independence, enslaves them and is, therefore, a recipe for disaster, others swear by it and believe it fosters openness and togetherness, and teaches spouses to trust each other.
The Inter-Governmental Authority on Development (IGAD) has deployed a ten-man delegation to observe next week's Presidential and Parliamentary Elections.
The New Vision is with Daves Alex and Kakule Peter.
Dear father may you be hourned and worshiped.
Govt launches skills campaign for girls.
Sudanese protest leaders Sunday suspended talks with military rulers, after the army failed to meet their demand for an immediate transfer to civilian rule.
Abomination, How can da champions be in 8th place, Arsenal Emmese nebwekula etya tesobola kulya Kapa.
Don’t expect too much.
As the country battles COVID 19, ginger is one of the most yearned for crop.
Apart 4rom ug which country will he cause problmz which can take 2 centuries pay dat date.
Through BRI strategy, China has construct roads, standard gauge railways, airports and industrial parks in many African, European and Asian countries.
The United Nations' cultural agency UNESCO has added the Congolese rumba dance to its intangible cultural heritage list, sparking delight in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Congo-Brazzaville.
This time round Kijanangoma was being driven a Toyota Prado.
Over 1,900 metric tons of food commodities that were meant to feed 730,000 vulnerable people for a month were looted.
Good 4 her, She was @ Kyankwanzi to endorse her tyrant boy friend M7.
But where do these people put all that money?
A pack of hyenas killed two people over a span of 24 hours in a village just 50 kilometres (31 miles) east of Kenya's capital Nairobi, police said Tuesday.
I've I confronted her- she said she was sorry but then blamed me for not paying her attention due to my job.
She was received by the Chief Executive Officer Robert Kabushenga, Editor-In-Chief Barbra Kaija and other senior managers.
Kiprotich, Cheptegei, Kiplimo, Kipsiro, Chesang and Chelangat.
Heart disease remains the leading cause of mortality among middle-aged adults globally, accounting for more than 40 percent of deaths, the data showed.
The New Vision is with Dawn Troy.
Explosions and gunfire rocking the campus, located some 150 kilometres (90 miles) from the border of war-torn Somalia, police said.
KCCA earmarked over sh800m for the programme.
bt then the scenario bcomes different when the C.J himself ( infact who led the promulgation of the new Constitution) iz a beneficiary of the defilement of the constitution.
Sunday Vision and Dstv’s celebration of the cool dads through the ‘Here is to you dad’ competition has climaxed with 16 winners selected from the hundreds of entries submitted by the reader.
Farewell to the holy month of Ramadhan.
I confronted her but she convinced me that the man was just a friend.
The New Vision is with Staga War and 2 others.
Israel is devil country where the lucifer throne is.
State minister for trade,David Wakikona and IGP , Kale Kayihura opened the two day Police officers SACCO meeting.
First of all, we shall write to them for discussions.
Once in my ups n downs up country, i met da same gentleman in a dressed in fatherly Christian attire,with a cross on his chest,indeed a big one.
How can the Police avoid such scenarios?
Five days after tropical cyclone Idai cut a swathe through Mozambique, Zimbabwe and Malawi, the confirmed death toll stood at more than 300 and hundreds of thousands of lives were at risk, officials said.
Eky and dancer on stage.
Halftime: Barcelona 0 Real Madrid 0.
The overall death toll for Syria's civil war has reached 388,652 since it began a decade ago this month, a war monitor said on Sunday.
Despite our busy schedules, we find time for each other.
In February, authorities investigated a fight between Brown and singer Frank Ocean at a recording studio, but Ocean did not press charges.
Pour vegetable broth into the saucepan; add rice, sazon seasoning, and adobo seasoning and stir.
The nine, together with seven suspects still at large, "created a criminal organisation" involved in drug dealing, illegal possession of arms and abuse of power, according to the office of country's special prosecutor for organised crime.
The four rebel NRM MPs were today, Friday, barred from accessing Parliament premises or engaging in parliamentary proceedings by the Constitutional Court until the case against them in court has been heard.
Progress to machines, which require less help from your smaller muscles, as you grow tired.
I Cant stay in a stressful relationship says Ziza Bafana.
Akope has shot 66 to dispose Kenyan Dismas Indiza (67) from the top position in the professional category at the ongoing Uganda Golf Open.
Sylvia thas how they behave, mumungambire nti the first cat.
The New Vision added 6 new photos — with Waiga Bashir and 2 others.
The Assistant Superintendent of Police Simon Peter Nkonge, Allan Ssendegeya both formerly attached to the defunct Police Flying Squad Unit and a civilian identified as Martin Kimbowa were caught ready handed, allegedly receiving money from a city businessman Vincent Luyinda, at Kyengera where they had agreed to meet.
Former Mr. America (1992) Charles Bradshaw who works for the U.S Marines Corps was also awed by the build of the Ugandan echoing the same sentiments.
What about the old man with a hat?
he is hiding the pisto behind and i hear rescued.
The New Vision is with Asiimwe Justine and 3 others.
The former LC5 chairperson and former RDC made the decision after what he described at injustice against him during the NRM party primaries.
In a statement released Friday, the average rate of new arrivals per week has been more than 1,000 in Tanzania, 500 in Uganda, 230 in Rwanda and 200 in Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Parenting Tip: Don't try to fix everything.
The New Vision added 43 new photos.
The Police in Masaka on Friday arrested a 30-year-old man for allegedly beheading his neighbour over failure to clear a sh23,000 debt.
And how come they are not mentioned in your book: "Sowing a must at seed"?
The agreed wisdom is that since the hoof is basically a joint, its meat would help heal human knees.
Chipolopolo of Zambia are 41 in the World & 6th in Africa.
The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) warned that a series of climatic shocks in 2014 and 2015 had decimated harvests and left many people in Gambia, Mauritania, Malawi, Namibia, Senegal and Zimbabwe dependent on food aid to survive.
The first son and Commander of Land Forces, Lt.
An ambulance has arrived at Kulambiro a Kampala Surbub where AIGP Felix Kaweesi has been shot from so as to take the bodies for further post mortem.
President Museveni: I have not yet been vaccinated nor Janet.
President Yoweri Museveni has opened the Uganda Investment Forum 2013 with an invitation to International entrepreneurs to take advantage of vast investment opportunities available in Uganda, but do we need more investors first or a policy on the verification of worthy investors.
Ugandan UK CONVENTION 2012: Uganda’s development cannot be complete without development of Karamoja, says First Lady and Minister for Karmoja Janet Museveni in London.
The ban on the Boeing 737 MAX aircraft became worldwide on Wednesday after US President Donald Trump joined Canada and other countries in grounding the aircraft amid mounting global fears for the jets' airworthiness.
There you are .
Keep off election matters, EC tells RDCs, details in the Saturday Vision.
A 14-year old primary six pupil from Nawandyo primary school in Bugulumbya Sub County, Kamuli district, has delivered triplets.
The documents are said to come from an ongoing court case on Islamic State at the Ankara 3rd High Criminal Court.
Tuli Kololo okukuza olunaku lwa Mukenenya.
The Anti-Corruption Court has acquitted ex-Vice President Prof.
An 11-year-old girl in China was beaten to death by her father for copying a classmate's homework, state-run media reported.
Eighteen of the 60 people reported missing after the Westgate terrorist attacks were found alive.
Family of slain former bodyguard of President Kagame wants him buried in Uganda.
Lets look at your text lady.
A section of MPs have asked Govt to implement the ban on sachet waragi by June 1.
Twenty years after South Africans of all colours wowed the world by voting to end apartheid, they shrugged off sporadic violence and flocked to polls Wednesday, with the ANC expected to return for a fifth consecutive term.
Get out of that marriage if it is not working out.
To SEE HOW YOU TOO CAN DO IT.
I hope 2018 will be my year to find my love.
but am gonna miss your fri and Sunday programs.
During that time,my father was my God.
Simply tune in on your mobile phone with the #NewVisionDigitalExperience app.
She intelligent, mature and just beautiful.
In an extraordinary interview to celebrate his first year in the Catholic church’s top job, Francis revealed that ‘there was a girl that turned my head for a week when I was at the seminary.
this guy is not serious.
Pupils of Zigoti Standard Primary School in Mityana district escape death after their dormitory is torched at night.
The New Vision is with Kintu Ronnie and 4 others.
That,S the true image of our die hard ONGWANGWENOS they a,r fit in any climate.
I think God created the blacks as stronger physically !
Mbale travellers got it rough!
Parliament grills Otafiire over human rights violation .
Liverpool eased past Manchester United to seal their place in the draw for the quarterfinals of the Europa League, where Borussia Dortmund and holders Sevilla are looking like the teams to beat.
Rest of #TeamUganda schedule: 3/3 Today 10,000m final 5.
Previously, there was a belief that young people can easily survive this virus.
A clinical psychologist earns 600.
He says his wrestling diplomacy highlights this "precious culture" and can help unite a divided country.
The state has requested the court not to grant bail to 37 Chinese nationals who are battling charges of phone tapping, illegal stay in Uganda, and employment without entry permits.
If you watched THE EAGLE program on NBS last Sunday,you must have heard what Basajja Mivule said.
Should NSSF pay monthly pension?
If Buganda Land Board actions were illegal, Sam Mayanja would have challenged them in court.
<P><Em>Gbv and VAC cases form 70% of the cases in Uganda’s criminal justice system.
As we close the year 2017, a look at the number 7 reveals a number of events that have shaped the history of Uganda.
Police in Kisoro have arrested a driver after the bus he was driving got involved in an accident, injuring two people #VisionUpdates.
Convalescent plasma showed some early promise when given intravenously to people sick with Covid-19.
It might sound obvious, but when you really allow yourself to listen and ask questions about what your partner says, it not only leads to better conversations, but also better communication.
Uganda Investment Authority accused of frustrating a sh28b investment.
The bridge was among the many that were destroyed when floods hit Kasese district as heavy rains pounded the Rwenzori region most of last week killing 9 people, displacing thousands and destroying various infrastructure including Kilembe Hospital.
The New Vision is with Ginny Eve and 2 others.
"Candle bursts out", or burns out?
Speaking to journalists at the UBTEB offices, Onesmus Oyesigye, the executive secretary UBTEB said, there has been 31.
Coming from Busoga region in Eastern Uganda, I know firsthand what happens when girls do not have adequate social protection.
Organisers will be working jointly with the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) under its regional body, RADO and national governing body, NADO in the tests.
But the suspensions have been reduced from eight to six years by Fifa's appeals committee.
However, the head of the electoral commission said the president did not have the power to annul the vote.
This occurrence happens only twice each year.
Report names 50 who took sh577b for Entebbe Express Highway.
Ceremony could delay by 30 minutes!
Out of 10,407 candidates who sat for exams from the 53 centres, only six passed with a distinction compared 90 candidates in 2011.
The 3-Day expo will take place at Mandela National Stadium.
Qtn; Are you a molokony (boiled hooves) eater?
On stage is Roots Unlimited featuring Aloysius Migadde.
Animal rights activists have rescued dozens of dogs from a slaughterhouse in southern China ahead of a controversial dog meat festival due to be held next week.
That'S how risky auditing can be.
Uganda is capable of financing its national budget fully if citizens are sensitised on payment of taxes, experts have said.
Why do you ask us.
Voting closes 15 Dec #Bestof2016 -.
That is the Nakasero Street-Luwum street-Ben Kiwanuka Street- Old Taxi Park and Kikuubo area.
#Newvision, what words was he whispering to Allah?
So far, the script has been as expected.
He has been a good leader.
-Nudity shouldn’t cause excitement #EPAPER via - bit.
Uk Ugandan Convention 2012 starts 12.
#Csi: Joan Kagezi’s death.
Happy International Women's Day from Vision Group Uganda!
The New Vision is with Jimmy Carter Kibwota.
This is the only car bond outside Kampala district and it takes in quite a variety of popular brands.
The Police around Kajjansi are seen inspecting private vehicles to see to it that each vehicle is carrying only 3 occupants as directed by President @KagutaMuseveni in the fight against #COVID19UG.
Margaret Ilwanu was outstanding from the outset with her brief to the point answers.
I know that my redeemer lives, and that in the end he will stand on the earth.
However, Buganda Katikiro Charles Peter Mayiga has appealed for calm, saying the situation is under control as full investigations have kicked off to determine the cause of the fire at the Kasubi tombs.
Tanzania this weekend became the first African country to resume a national league suspended during March because of the ongoing coronavirus pandemic.
There was drama at Parliament when a human rights activist Williams Ntege commonly known as “Kyuuma kya Yesu” beat Parliament’s tight security and staged a one -man demonstration.
Inside, there is plenty to feast your appetite on -- from Bobi Wine's bodyguard's ordeal to parents suing Kibuli Hospital and then the Uganda Cranes's taske against the Taifa Stars of Tanzania.
The purpose of International Civil Aviation Day is to help generate and reinforce worldwide awareness of the importance of international civil aviation to the social and economic development of states.
Get a true performance for your car this festive season by buying tyres at unbeatable discounts.
For a digital copy go to;http://bit.
How do you think your favorite team will fair in Europe's top club tournament?
But he knew that the only way he was going to gain the skill, knowledge and experience in these unfamiliar waters, was to seek apprenticeship with a mentor in this field.
But you Ugandans, concentrating on alcohol and sex.
As of December 25, Uganda had recorded 743 new cases of #COVID19 with five new deaths bringing the total death count to 3,280.
after all Priests, always have organised ways of living.
Finance minister Kasaija forced to apologise as MPS grilled him over a sh720b loan.
Court heard that Namubiru a nurse went on to inject the baby (Mathew Mushabe) with syringe after she had pricked herself.
targeted thousands and thousands of un register marriages.
Find out how they went there and who they say took them to work.
Its for the country s stability.
Let him not thank us!
In today's paper, we have details on what went wrong.
Women are always excluded from public inclusiveness of handing such kind of crimes why?
"Blade Runner" Oscar Pistorius was found not guilty of the murder of girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp Thursday as a South African judge dismissed the most serious charges against him.
He was sucking a sachet of empire on grounds of feeling coldness.
Director Jennifer Musisi has revealed to parliament that she has received death threats from people opposed to the streamlining of the management of the city.
Sprint said pre-orders were up nearly four times, compared to last year.
Wish u de Best Ever.
I would suggest the central bank gives people a grace period of like a month or less to allow the public to exchange the defaced notes with any bank.
So be careful b4 pointing a finger.
how wil gvt deliver wen much is taken by mps?
Members of Parliament are drafting rules on the removal of the Vice- President and Prime Minister from office.
You had better enjoy it because the next day promises nothing".
And what scares her more is that she’s not entirely convinced she should try.
So please dont come to my place asking if i have a valid licence.
Exec Director Jennifer Musisi insists that Gen.
Most of the critical patients hv seen are moslems.
Acellam, a trained former UNLA soldier, was captured in an ambush along the banks of the River Mbou in Central Africa Republic (CAR) on Saturday http://see.
Pliz Allah take him to urself coz its.
Former premier Amama Mbabazi and former FDC president Kizza Besigye have been released from police custody.
Roger Gower died on Friday and is thought to have been flying in the Maswa Game Reserve, located along the boundary of the Serengeti National Park.
After 12 years of saving, she has managed to put up Le Memorial Medical Services, a multi-million dollar medical facility in Wakiso.
The trainees will be drawn from several directorates and departments and the course will benefit officers who have any managerial responsibilities at the UPF.
A report compiled by Citizens' Coalition for Electoral Democracy in Uganda (CCEDU) indicates that there are high prospects for violence in the Butebo constituency by-election.
Duncan'S life was obviously a tragic one, and what might have been her most difficult year, the period between the deaths of her first two children in a car accident and the birth of her third, form the basis of Amelia Gray's breathtaking new novel, Isadora.
In a statement issued via social media on Saturday, Museveni revealed that they are auditing the Hoima vote to establish how the FDC flag bearers managed to poll.
Relationship Tip: Say good night, every night.
The Ministry of Education is considering reviewing the payment system for teachers so that those perennially absent are paid by the number of days they teach:http://cot.
3% among women compared to 5-6.
The New Vision is with Birikunzira Hassan and Martha Rye.
Been driving her car for the last 11 years.
The Bride & Groom Expo will run from today to October 3, 2021, dealing with topics like fashion, décor, wedding planning, venues, cake, jewellers, cars, honeymoon destinations and a lot more.
He was wasting our time.
The baby would have been 18th in line to the British throne and the 90-year-old monarch's sixth great-grandchild.
African migrants sit on top of a border fence as a Spanish Civil Guard officer stands on a ladder during an attempt to cross into Spanish territories, between Morocco and Melilla, Spain February 19, 2015.
What are the Christians in that +ch doing.
Police investigations show that John-Mary Baka picked his brother from the site where he was distilling alcohol and later hacked him several times to death before burying his mutilated body in a banana plantation.
The church is regarded as a holy place, so one would expect that whoever goes there has to be at their best behaviour.
And this is the best you can post right now?
Whenever a bird's feathers are plucked of, it will not fly however much it will spread its wings.
Most parts in Kampala’s low-lying areas were left submerged following a heavy downpour that lasted for over an hour http://see.
We have set up an independent audit to investigate alleged fraud”.
Grab yourself a copy of today's New Vision for your free Harvest Money pull out.
<P>The two will be joined by the hosts, Burkina Faso and Burundi.
Muzei if you dont own any plot of land in india y do u want them to own big chanks of land here in uganda?
This indicates a whopping 71% drop-out rate, much higher than the 40% usually quoted.
In the Namanve-Bukasa land conflict, 25 people have been arrested over trying to kill the LC1 chairman and other charges.
Baryamureeba; I was not in any way whatsoever sexually assaulted by him”.
My wife has failed to grow.
Arua district leaders have expressed anger over Police’s decision to release two staff who were arrested in connection with the alleged death of ﬁve COVID-19 patients due to negligence at Arua Hospital.
Businessman and events organiser Balaam Barugahara has accused South Sudan military officer Gen.
Ever since the death of Mika, the group of 47chimps is still failing to get a leader also known as an alpha male.
Today, it is the reason he is where he is today.
4 tonnes of pure gold had been smuggled into the country.
He lacks empathy, he is selfish; he does not do anything lovey-dovey for me, there is no companionship in our marriage, there is no conversation and he never discusses his plans with me.
Dear God, thank for the unending love.
1994: Proposal to abolish sparks row in the Constituent Assembly.
Several dozens of their hopefuls were turned away as they failed to make the grade.
The function was held at Oasis mall on Tuesday, April, 22, 2014.
Preliminary hearing in the case starts on Monday March 7, 2016.
Improve the feeds intake on your farm incase your chickens are laying small eggs.
Prosecution alleges that on May 1 and May 5 of this year, Tumwesigye was in possession of 2.
Get a copy of the New Vision for the full story https://vpg.
Mumbere claims to be prohibited from going to his people but he enjoys Being in Kampala for Beer and girls.
Kiir blasted Machar, saying that "Machar wants to become president of interim government but I am telling him that I was elected to this seat by the people".
As we wind down 2019 we look at the performances that thrilled Ugandans in 2019.
Play-Off: Brazil 0-2 Netherlands.
who is responsible for this!
His vast experience saw him serve as a justice at the Supreme Court.
This week, 11 students were nominated by the university’s electoral commission but the number has been reduced to eight after three were eliminated on the ground of having retakes.
Details in Sunday Vision 👉 #EPAPER: http://is.
Find out what they discussed, only in New Vision.
The New Vision is with Richard Kerura.
#Art: A painting by the artist Banksy sold at auction Thursday evening for $615,000.
#Breaking: President Obama is coming to Kenya in July 2015.
“Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and attended to with diligence”.
Thought you'd show us the picture of the woman and NOT Obama's since most people know the latter!
Hopefully every EC country will block unvaccinated from entry.
Waste of time .
The police intercepted Kijanangoma’s supporters from Kisenyi in Fort Portal as they headed to Rwengoma Palace.
New vision whole two weeks selling Mbabazi there is something wrong?
The Nations Cup is scheduled to take place from 17 January to 8 February.
In The New Vision this morning: Major hospitals still lack blood; Prof George Kanyeihamba's papers hamper rebel MPs case; Agaba, the KCCA official has been acquitted of the Luzira murders and Gov't to spend sh500b on a new Namanve plan.
Kamya took oath of the party and signed documents to confirm that she has joined the party.
Many of the injured teens suffered from "dehydration, wounds, pneumonia, aseptic penis and gangrene" Sizwe Kupelo, spokesman for the health ministry in the Eastern Cape province told AFP.
One day I went to Luzira prison but realized the demand to pardon some inmates because of 1.
Try to form a mental picture of how it would look to them.
’ Sadly, as we were beginning to warm up to this awesomely talented singer and songwriter, he disappeared.
Don’t let others create doubts in your mind.
Although Uganda is the East African region’s leader in timber plantations with an impressive 85,000 ha established since 2004, the country imports approximately 9,000 M3 of high-value mahogany.
She talked to Galiwango Nsubuga.
bt d qtn z where z d gov't ?
We think he is dead.
The second leg is in a fortnight at fortress Namboole.
Big Homie is the first track to be released from his upcoming fifth studio album, MMM, due out later this year.
The injuries sustained are not life threatening, and he is expected to make a full recovery," added the star's publicist, Ina Treciokas.
Being born in exile had a huge impact on Kabalega’s life.
The first of all, the phone’s not even owned by this young thug who killed all the people, it’s owned by the government”.
A terminally ill 17-year-old has become the first minor to be euthanised in Belgium since age restrictions on such mercy killings in the country were lifted in 2014, it was learned Saturday.
Today Henry Boniface Okot is fighting to regain the seat for the NRM party after seven years against FDC’s Anna Adeke Ebaju in a seemingly two-horse race for the top student job at Uganda's oldest institution of higher learning, Makerere University.
Many people who got these lease titles got them on top of bibanja holders.
For Details and pictures Click;http://bit.
Opinion ✍️| Have youth presented themselves as a channel for electoral violence?
is it China that paid for that road or Ugandan taxpayers who will pay the loans.
Coca-Cola rated next show in Mbarara.
Stanley Ntagali has asked all Christians not to celebrate Easter by drinking alchohol.
Commit to spending some quality time together every day on a regular basis.
Many words, little action: three years after Pope Francis's election, victims of priest sex abuse are bitter and disappointed, accusing the Church of having failed to punish guilty clerics and end a culture of complacency on the issue.
The New Vision added 27 new photos — with Ken Ethan.
Find out what he said #EPAPER- https://epaper.
Museveni released a list of cabinet ministers; one appointment, that did not surprise those keenly following Uganda’s politics, was that of Eng.
Umaru Bagampadde, Christine Nabirye, Eng.
Liverpool Football Club has announced that Brendan Rodgers will leave his post with immediate effect after having his contract terminated.
The Omicron coronavirus variant was present in Europe before the first cases were reported in South Africa, new data from the Netherlands has shown.
Streets ,steal, these are fellowship citizens.
“There is an information vacuum.
It is true 'kifeefe' is going to collect all 'idlers' in each town and move around counry making 'noise!
Lem hear it starting by Catholic itself .
In SECURE FUTURE, this Sunday, Alcohol can be fatal for the elderly.
This protects you as a client from consuming fake or counterfeit products.
Hospitals in Nebbi are facing a shortage of oxygen as the district continues to face a surge in COVID-19 infections.
The minister said that interest rate declared is above 8.
Ugandan and foreign investors.
It's the opposite, these people are poor because they do not want to work in the first place.
I just tried it yesterday morning give it a try too.
Unbs has warned the public against using substandard masks, which are currently on sale on streets across major towns and urban centres in the country.
All pleaded not guilty to the charges, which also included entering Kenya illegally and obtaining false identification documents.
Fourteen amputees who took part in a trial reported dramatic pain reduction after 12 sessions which saw them "using" their missing arm in virtual reality.
그러므로 세계의 모든 지도자는 백성 한사람의 마음에서 모두의 마음에 이르기 까지 존중과 배려를 바탕으로 하는 상생의 지도력을 아끼없이 발휘하여 바르게 일하고 골고루 펼치는 정과 균의 큰 지도자가 되어야 한다.
The New Vision is with Rutahigwa Johnson and 6 others.
Gwe asingira e city!
I appeal to our international partners to work with us.
I have a six-year-old daughter, but I separated with her father when she was one year old.
Btw, what is the best thing to be doing right now - under such weather?
Scores were injured this afternoon in a 9-car pile-up along Nile Avenue in Kampala.
The New Vision is with Edreen Walker and George Wills Yukos.
Let UGANDANS DECIDE ; THIS M7 WANDS TO BE TAKEN OUT OF THE STATE HOUSE IN A COFFIN; DEAD FROM OLD AGE .
Without love, we feel nothing.
Several gunmen attacked innocent civilians, who were clearing bushes along the road," said Mohamed Adan, a local security official, saying eight people had been killed.
Nkoyoyo raps Orombi plus FREE 44 page school guide In Today's NEW VISION epaper.
Like A Mule Bringing Ice Cream To The Sun is a decent, really easy-going novella centered around 75 year old Dr. Morayo Da Silva, who’s a retired Literature professor.
Does, Putin control FBI?
Two days after President Donald Trump used his annual address to the General Assembly to attack China's record, the US ambassador to the United Nations also took an outraged tone.
Denis Ssebugwawo, a resident of Kinawa, Nsangi sub-county, Wakiso district was on Wednesday sent back to Luzira by Mwanga II Court chief magistrate, Emmanuel Baguma, after he pleaded guilty to the offence.
Let's speak up against gender biases and inequalities.
Uganda’S judiciary has taken yet another blow after the death of Justice Amos Twinomujuni, according to judiciary public relations officer (PRO), Elias Kisawuzi.
How does one build a school worth sh4b from a residential house worth sh10m?
But women are not very different either; I’m sure you have heard that rural-like argument that sex with a condom is like eating sweets without removing the cover.
Did you know Karamoja girls are not only being brought to Kampala streets but are also being sold to Nairobi, with some ending up in the hands of al -Shabaab in Somalia?
Muwonge practices organic poultry and her farm raises 4,000 laying and meat birds.
Yet these clever people believe them' - Simon Kaheru, communications consultant.
Uganda’S development unstoppable: what’s your role?
You have to apply it to yourself before applying it to the person next to you.
Grab yourself a copy of the New Vision for trending and exclusive stories here-https://vpg.
On CAMERA: A child passes by some of the Local Defence Unit personnel that were passed out at Kaweweta Recruit Training School in Nakaseke district on Friday.
More in Saturday Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Here is what you should expect in your copy of the New Vision.
There will be NO PARKING for the general public at the venues.
Wise w'ld be for leaders to caution followers against violence.
Godfrey Nabongo, Eyapu Allan come and see!
Today is National Champagne Day!
Esther Namirimu is only 10 years old, but she has a huge responsibility of nursing her blind HIV-positive mother.
KCCA is the registered proprietor of the Plot 34E to 38E, located on Jinja Road.
A Bubulo Girls’ School bus driver who rammed into a commuter taxi on Monday, killing two primary school pupils, has told the Police that he drunk only three beers the night before the journey.
However, the Gov’t is still committed to delivering more hoes once finances are available’ – Thomas Tayebwa.
A death certificate has been issued 42 years after the peer vanished when his children's nanny Sandra Rivett was bludgeoned to death in London.
Is that the only source of capital?
Ben Etomet accused his wife Esther Agwang of having an affair with the Kumi DEO, Charles Okol:.
Shilling LOSES VALUE BY 0.
Gilbert Bukenya has said Museveni is the best candidate in the 2016 poll.
Can alcohol lower one’s life expectancy?
Lior said that he had received questions about whether Jewish law permits harming a civilian population not directly involved with the combatants.
The top five qualify.
The question of Latifah Dangote’s biological father has refused to go away.
Addressing an ANC manifesto forum attended by students, academics and businesspeople at Wits University in Johannesburg last night, Zuma said: “The roads are to be tolled to pay back the money we borrowed to build the freeways to make the economy flow in Johannesburg.
In today's New Vision, we bring to you a story on how property mogul Sudhir Ruparelia, maneuvered and acquired prime land belonging to Kololo SS.
Sharks began circling them, as well as jellyfish -- which turned out to be worse.
All SET AT THE OLYMPIC STADIUM: In next hour, Moses Kipsiro runs the 5000m.
Where is the video?
One of the foods consumed to improve the respiratory system is ginger.
This is Uganda with her problems, let america deal with trump's holding onto leadership first!
Fifa Vice-President Prince Ali bin Al Hussein of Jordan said on Tuesday he would stand against incumbent Sepp Blatter for the presidency of world football's governing body later this year.
Click for details and pictures;http://bit.
It was a tight race,but Van pee still has no one to compete with coz of his experience in da game.
What happened to Ugandan female artists to wear winter shoes in summer calling them selves celebs?
The health ministry has confirmed 1,658 new coronavirus cases and three related deaths in Uganda.
The launch of the3.
"Tomorrow is the most important thing in life.
He is already Germany's record goal scorer with 69 international goals.
The legislator was last week re-arrested and taken to Gulu Magistrates court where he was charged with treason and remanded to Gulu Prison.
Covid-19: USA donates 1.
"I am very concerned at the threat now hanging over us," said Hodgson.
Happening NOW: It's a full Vision Group Uganda camp here at Villa Park in Kampala.
But those markets leak when it rains.
During the All Africa games in Congo Brazaville last August, Ugandan boxer Nashir Bashir was thrown out for growing a beard.
A total of 985 Police cadets whose confirmation as Assistant Superintendents of Police (ASPs) had dragged on since 2016 following an investigation by the Inspector General of Government (IGG) have finally been confirmed.
Prosecution alleges that on September 2, 2020 at Nakulabye in Kampala district, Manzi was found in unlawful possession of a gun, a monopoly of the Defence Forces.
Many ranked, but now they are.
Am off to kcca to do same!
What are your impressions?
Take and share yours.
President Yoweri Museveni has named his new cabinet.
Find out what he talks about himself.
Get all the details inside.
The other day, they transported raw materials for Rooﬁngs steel company,” said State minister for transport Fred Byamukama.
The chief justice can give it a ligal interpritation after inprmented.
Parliament has arranged training for members of parliament on using ipads.
“You have seen him respond to specific tweets and give feedback to his followers.
To get more details, but a copy of ‘New Vision’ today.
Un Secretary-General Antonio Guterres was "deeply saddened" by the assault, which he said could amount to a war crime.
May her soul Rest In Peace.
Store in refrigerator until ready to serve.
The Øresund bridge connecting Sweden with Denmark ends in a rather dramatic way - from over water to underwater.
Watch live the Bride & Groom virtual experince on all Vision Group platforms.
Who IS TEACHING YOUR CHILD BAD MANNERS?
Six women have been arrested over setting up a street kitchen in Kampala.
The nearest it will get will be two million kilometres (1.
There is a pretty good chance that the fancy sofa set you bought from your high-end furniture store in Kampala was not imported from Malaysia but actually made in his Cool Furniture workshop in Kyebando.
Uniform of general looks like BurkinFaso itself!
Omicron has been detected in 38 countries but there are no reported deaths so far from the new Covid-19 variant, the World Health Organization has said.
Young adults with underlying conditions such as morbid obesity, diabetes and hypertension are at the highest risk of being placed on a ventilator or dying from COVID-19.
It is not good a student 2 have phone due it creates bad image in school.
900 Village Health Teams (VHTs) in Gulu have been trained to test and treat malaria cases in their communities where cumulatively up to 9000 cases are reported in weekly.
TRY RECHARGE YOUR ACCOUNT AND MAKE TRIPPLE IMMEDIATELY WITH THESE STEPS AS AT NW.
Islam is a religion of peace' - Shaban Mubajje, Mufti of Uganda.
Venansius Baryamureeba, graduates from Ugandan universities, both public and private, are least preferred by employers in the region because the majority pass exams without gaining the required skills.
His emphasis is on the word 'campaigning".
The New Vision is with Nyakx Thomas Gunton and 2 others.
Police said the fire which gutted Viva Holdings Limited at Namumira village in Mukono Central Division, Mukono District on Wednesday started at around 4:30am.
Tyres are responsible for maintaining the steering and are the heart of the car.
Repeat with remaining ingredients, ending with the cheeses.
For inter-district travel one can write to the Ministry of Works Permanent Secretary stating the reason for travel, vehicle's registration numbers, number of people to travel and duration needed' - Suzan Kataike, Ministry of Works spokesperson.
Who is on the team of Jamil Mukulu new lawyers?
Rather, BRIBERY, INTIMIDATION AND TOTURE DEFINES NRM.
‘Look, the one with the big breasts has come.
Katikiro Charles Peter Mayiga has asked government to return to the Kingdom, three more Rolls Royces and a Bentley which belonged to the Kabaka's mother.
Eala has granted leave to Hon Dora Byamukama to introduce a Bill entitled the East African Community Prohibition of Female Genital Mutilation Bill, 2016-http://bit.
Polish immigrant Walus was found guilty, along with white supremacist Clive Derby-Lewis, for the assassination which nearly derailed South Africa’s road to a peaceful negotiated settlement to end white minority rule.
Mariah Carey announced Tuesday that she would star in a reality television series about her upcoming tour and marriage.
Kasita they have teargas.
20,000 each with a free answer booklet at the book stores listed in the photo below.
This babe sees things in the future.
Kids in that University will drink spirits until they cannot see clearly anymore.
Bishop Yonah Mwesigwa Katonene of West Ankore Diocese has start his final pastoral visits bidding farewell to all parishioners in preparation for his retirement.
They should extend these services to Kampala ready to go anti no jobs.
Oh thats our man Tanga Odoi.
The International Labour Organisation (ILO) says the largest problem is that training institutions continue to produce graduates whose skills do not match what the market wants.
⚽ Uganda Premier League side Express FC have announced the appointment of Isaac Mwesigwa as the new CEO of the club, replacing Hamza Jjunju.
7 million Ugandan children under the age of five live in poverty and lack clean water, contributing to malnutrition and disease, a survey has revealed.
Don't you have a job to do of covering the dirty works of your bosses.
Administrative Assistant Christine Bampabwire took them around the newsroom.
Keron’S last words to his dad.
Don'T let anyone (doctor, husband or media) force anyone into family planning.
Police is tracking down Robson Bule, a 27-year old who is suspected of killing his cousin sister Esther Milly Nakitende, a third year journalism student of Makerere University.
Former army commander, Rtd.
U sty fr ten yr means u nw weakness statd wen or u thre was.
Natasha is estimated at 23 years and is a high ranking female in the group.
Shouldn'T you share this pic earlier before he went missing?
The New Vision added 5 new photos — with Joy Josephin at Kampala Serena Hotel.
Or you can go for plan B, by inboxing me your direction ,other things I will finish them .
2mr he will be openning up a toilet in Kansanga.
Within just a year, the total enrolment in Uganda’s primary and secondary schools has shot up from 10,211,172 students to 12,758,909.
Plz keep ur cler, coz GOD wh created black was not afool.
We have the latest on the investigations.
Y dealt with this gov't.
SEE MORE 👉 #EPAPER: is.
But until his invention in 1971 of the first network person-to-person email there was no way to send something to a specific person at a specific address.
Even 30 officials would be too few!
Rubbish, U think we are impressed with figures,what's on the ground?
Mbabazi said strengthening partnership with all security stakeholders can help reduce crime which accrues from some redundant youths.
It would have gone bad in there!
You'Ll never find the right person if you don't let go of the wrong one.
The locals believed that his return would help curb the insecurities that had rocked the Rwenzururu.
Are you in support of Corporal Punishment in Schools?
Museveni softens on land.
When we draw examples from other countries readers complain that some of us are boasting.
🇦🇪 Tax advantages paired with a life of luxury have long drawn foreigners and multinationals to the #UAE, which is aiming to remain attractive.
Very indicative of the action to expect tonight?
In your name we pray, AMEN!
#Uganda'S Jackson Kiprop takes the win in #Ribarroja half marathon, in SPAIN.
Lord guide me, provide for me and give me wisdom to make better decisions this year.
The New Vision is with Viduka Julius Schenaider and 14 others.
Youve made the bed you are sleeping on and you alone can get up from it.
Facebook on Thursday boosted its search capabilities to let people find and dive into conversations about news publicly shared at the leading social network.
Traffic jam costs economy sh3trillion annually-NPA .
“Let go of yesterday.
There is already a requirement to declare.
Sorry lemon is still cheaper than oxygen.
Malaysia Airlines on Monday told relatives of the 239 people on board a missing passenger jet that "we have to assume" the plane went down in the southern Indian Ocean, but vowed the search for the jet would continue.
A funeral service is being held today at St. Gyaviira Catholic Church in Bunamwaya for fallen Ugandan musician Harriet Kisakye where she will later be buried.
Now a disciplinary hearing has been pencilled in for the start of July, with the case – which has dragged on – set for resolution.
Have you filed your returns?
These ppl feel they deserve everything in this country!
He was in detention at Kira Road Police Station in Kampala over charges of poaching elephants.
New Vision don't mislead people it was never a government proposal,it was just fake news from people who don't wish Uganda well.
The US tech giant said profit in the quarter ended September 30 edged up two percent to $4.
This is barely a month after students of Busoga College Mwiri demonstrated and also destroyed property which led to the closure of the school by district education officials.
America'S foreign policies to make the muslim world poor.
#Dutch fighter jets in Estonia escorting #NATO Secretary General.
Police say crews are treating multiple patients, according to USA Today.
Our man indeed, always available for villagers.
Meet Nyanzi; the New Coca cola Rated Next Host.
#Totosunday: Sunday just became Funday!
According to the spokesperson of the Uganda People’s Defence Forces (UPDF), Col.
For health care workers on the front lines of the Ebola epidemic in West Africa, risking their lives in stifling protective suits, relief could soon be on the way.
Teach me to obey your word and trust in you always.
Tion in every policy implementation.
"Our technical specification was approved by Roscosmos.
The United States of America, the United Kingdom and France have sent a joint delegation to consult President Yoweri Museveni over the conflict in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
The New Vision is with Lutagwera Maria and 4 others.
By Kampala Sun Writer 94.
One of Uganda's longest-serving ministers, Henry Muganwa Kajura, has thanked President Yoweri Museveni for appointing Kakumiro Woman MP, Robinah Nabbanja, to the post of Prime Minister of Uganda.
Let us continue to wage a relentless moral war as our forces conduct the physical battle.
While shoppers got clothes, toys and even mattresses for next to nothing, suppliers claimed the error left them facing bankruptcy.
Figure it out and drop in a caption.
There seemed no end in sight to her suffering.
See an astronaut's minimalist photo of a sunrise.
The World Bank has approved sh641b ($180.
With sh600, savings from his first salary working as a points man at the railway station, he set up a stall and stocked consumer goods because there was a scarcity at the time.
By Tom GwebayangaA four-year-old girl is nursing rotten buttocks after receiving injections from quack doctors to treat a fever.
"Winning the Independence rally with a new a driver is great for me but being recognised by USPA humbles me," Ssenyange stated.
It says that what you and your partner have is bigger than any single upsetting incident".
We bless you, Oh!
Khatchik Kachatryan, 19, a student in the Camille-Jenatzy school in Paris, was deported on Saturday to Armenia.
Prosecution alleges that between November 16 and December 25 last year, the accused entered an agreement to sell and supply Haji Sulait Semakula of Sema Properties Ltd a grader 140OG-Caterpillar at sh340m.
“The women say it makes a lot of noise and interferes with their concentration,” Rehema Aryema, the district councilor for Nyamwamba Division in Kasese Municipality said recently.
The action follows the revelation that a flaw with the software meant that an attacker could run down the battery of a target's car and see data about its recent journeys.
How have MPs become procurement experts especially international procurements?
Nxt time u adopt m7's style,eeeh?
billions are always stolen!
The runners should walk onto the track in next 10 minutes.
Now it mayn't work/pass instead just discussing over it.
Bolt: "I did what I wanted.
A seven-year-old boy is battling for his life at Kamwenge health center IV after a chimpanzee bit off his buttocks in Kibale National Park on June 1, 2013.
The deployment follows a recent announcement of planned rallies by DP members at the Constitutional Square.
I am ready to start, and God-willing, I will complete it.
Henry Tumukunde has a case to answer in relation to charges of spreading harmful propaganda and conduct prejudicial to good order and discipline.
Ford Foundation, an American charitable orgnisation, has donated US$ 100,000 (approx.
How can something dead hang in balance?
When he graduated with a degree in business administration, he never looked for a job but rather started on his own as a brick layer.
Over 130,000 new HIV infections are recorded in the country each year.
In an exclusive interview with the New Vision, the market chairperson Jonathan Gitta said that the market is supposed to be occupied by 1100 traders but they currently have only 70% of the number.
Speaking at a news conference in London, Defence Secretary Ashton Carter said he had been dissatisfied with the effort, which suffered disastrous blows in its early days.
The man has been standing at the edge with hands raised up for several minutes now.
The juju, as the stuff is locally known, was stacked in a plastic bag in the ceiling.
Photo credit: Richard Sanya.
🇧🇮 #Burundian Francine Niyonsaba has broken the world 2,000m record with a time of 5:21.
We could experience what they feel after reading those wonderful stories, says Chu Maoming, the Charge d'Affaires at the.
Who were the referees at the 2021 Afcon Qualifier Uganda vs Malawi?
Hope we shall have achance 2c our next president come 2016.
Once passed, women who are found guilty of rape face life imprisonment.
The modd inside the stadium is electric, with dancning, singing and vuvuzelas blaring.
Then where z da LOVE n FORGIVENESS?
With 3,408 votes, he was declared winner by the district election officer Monica Ngobi.
The latest report by the Centre for International Development (CID) at Harvard University places average annual growth projections of 7.
Golola is demanding sh30m from gate collection at the fight.
Sudan'S former president Omar al-Bashir was sentenced Saturday to two years' detention in a correctional centre for corruption in the first of several cases against the ousted autocrat.
The regional event held at Boma grounds in Moroto brought together development partners and district leaders within the district under the theme, “Access to safe.
“The officer accidentally pulled a trigger of the pistol launcher that discharged a canister, which caused deep injuries".
Coming in for Umony.
She was diagonised with HIV, accute malarai and TB.
Katumba Wamala has raised an alarm saying that capturing more territory from the Al-shabaab has widened AMISOM’s area of operation, which has over stretched the troops.
He adds it was a grazing ground for cattle keepers called Abasongora which has been part of Bunyoro–Kitara.
Upc'S EC chairman said their primaries will only be held in10 districts and the voting method is by secret ballot while observing COVID-19 guidelines.
All Uganda’s coffee controlled by Salim Saleh.
* Mbabazi not a target * ISO chief charged * Eagles Production.
The New Vision is with Barasa Godfrey and 3 others.
The motion to pay tribute to late Odit was moved by Prime Minister Amama Mbabazi and was seconded by the opposition Chief Whip Winfred Kiiza.
“Perhaps God has a reason for keeping me alive all these years, and that is why I refuse to question Him, much as I am tempted to do so every single day of my 34 years in this situation”.
I dint see corruption being contained anytime soon on the plantation!
If you are above 18 and dating, go for it.
Water scarcity affects more than 40% of the world’s population, an alarming statistic that is projected to increase with the rise of global temperatures as a result.
Win and resuscitate the qualifying campaign.
Does Itongwa deserve a military burial?
Is this proposal worthwhile?
Wasting resources police will never reform.
#Doubletroubleug: Should gospel music be fronted to compete with secular music or be reserved for ministry?
Kaita Kitanda 33, was shot in the chest and died instantly at his home as he returned from his other wife’s home identified as Halima Namakula also a mobile money agent who resides not far from the former's residence.
Around 18,000 Tokyo Olympics workers including referees and volunteers will be vaccinated from next week, as they try to build confidence that the Games will be safe.
Any way i pity them .
Israel is to provide around one million doses of Covid-19 vaccine to the Palestinian Authority in a swap as their expiry date looms, the Israeli prime minister's office said Friday.
Bukedde TV hosts live debate for Kyadondo East Parliamentary candidates.
Who do you think will go away with the trophy?
Another Kenyan student in critical condition.
A mamma's boy to a certain extent.
90 -year old woman dies outside court after losing land case.
How much is this machine?
My neighbor disconnected the oxygen and passed on shortly after.
In a rebuttal, Uganda now points to a ploy by Western countries with vested interests in DRC of peddling a stance that would derail the regional efforts chaired by President Yoweri Museveni to end the conflict.
The unknown assailant went away with the AK47 gun and two rounds of ammunition.
Edirisa Kasalirwe, 25, of Kinoonya zone, was arrested and taken to Wandegeya police.
No one knows your child better than you.
The items include; surgical masks, gloves, posters, hand sanitizers, jerrycans, liquid soap, and basins.
President of #Senegal Macky Sall arrives in #BurkinaFaso, greeted by military ruler Lt Col Isaac Zida.
Edward Katumba Wamala has rescued over 200 elderly persons who were stuck without a decent Christmas meal.
Chem ka be like educated parson, why Bookohalam their killing pipo you mean what their doing is right.
#Burundi: Nkurunziza's spokesman says he will address the nation when he returns from Tanzania.
Find his story in Pakasa Vision.
Andreas Pereira with the first and Mac Tominay with the second.
Bolt wins 200m gold.
For many Ugandans, pool is a table sport you would find in your local watering hole that probably acts as a vehicle for jobless youth to pass time.
The New Vision is with Werikhe David and 2 others.
So Bosco was holding these girls in a house?
But Russia hit A passenger plane in 1988 which claimed hundreds of lives.
Pledges to support NRM.
Kaguta to boost their income and also fight poverty.
What do you think about the private members Bill “Tobacco Control Bill 2014,” which aims at regulating tobacco manufacture and sponsorships, that was tabled before parliament for the first reading last Friday?
It was not clear if this was part of the recently signed peace process with Riek Machar.
He adds "As one R. Emerson once said, our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail".
Ey should be deleted.
Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) president Dr. Kizza Besigye has assured his members that the party will not collapse after he hangs up his 'political boots'.
#Photography by Joseph Balikudembe.
Congrats boys, congrats to our traveling fans.
The New Vision is with Jimmy Carter Kibwota and Kyagga Henry.
Golola Moses has been appointed as #AfrikaMashariki Ambassador.
Africa CEO Forum on March 26, 2018 in Abidjan, Côte d’Ivoire, Adesina reminded stakeholders that, in spite of the current pace of breakthroughs, Africa still lags.
Read details on this link;.
Ugandan cricketers play the final against Nepal TODAY and stand to win a sh51million bonus from the Uganda Cricket Association.
Here'S how the Goal Decision System saw @chelseafc's equaliser #GDS #LIVCHE cc.
A second patient has been cured of HIV after undergoing stem cell transplant treatment, doctors said Tuesday, after finding no trace of infection 30 months after he stopped traditional treatment.
In 1910, a Father's Day celebration was held in Spokane, Washington, at the YMCA by Sonora Smart Dodd.
Mwanga, king who killed Uganda martyrs - https://goo.
President Yoweri Museveni recently assembled the youngest and the most female friendly Cabinet in Uganda’s history.
Y are they fear 2 be treated in Uganda.
MPs are facilitated to consult their constituencies.
Photos by Mathias Mugisha.
When you're alone, you think.
The Uganda spirits are now on musicians it has finished to burn schools the next is MPs.
They were marking 100 years anniversary of Catholics Scouts existence.
Former Kampala mayor Al Haji Nasser Ntege Sebaggala Thursday stormed MTN head offices in Kampala demanding for the audio tapes containing caller tunes in his voice.
A concerned citizen, Gideon Tugume has run to the Chief Magistrate’s Court in Mengo, seeking to block Miss Curvy beauty contest, which is expected to take place in June, this year.
Why has court jailed the former Principal Accountant at the Office of the Prime Minister Geofrey Kazinda for another five years as he was about to walk out of Luzira prison a free man?
Up until his death, no one would even officially confirm the hospital where the former Zimbabwean leader was being treated.
The New Vision is with Jimmy Carter Kibwota and 2 others.
90 per day to 9.
Fufa Clubs Licensing Committee has cleared Onduparaka to use Green Light Stadium in Arua for the rest of the season.
Uganda is set to have its second international airport, Kabaale International Airport, thanks to a joint venture between a UK company Colas and local company SBC Uganda that are set to spear head the construction process.
6 hours per day glued to a TV, mobile phone, tablet or computer screen, nearly double the suggested limit of two hours, researchers found.
The Nantaba sorry is a scripts gone wrong.
"Couples who say hello with a hug keep their skin bathed in the 'good touch,' which can inoculate your spirit against anonymity in the world".
She was always passionate about teaching since she was a child.
"Very sadly, Zara and Mike Tindall have lost their baby.
Sejusa was received by his family, lawyer & Director General Internal Security Organisation Brig.
For more information visit http://singlewindow.
If Yes or No.
•What killed Burundi president Nkurunziza?
Uganda Darts Association calendar activities end on December 15-16 with the Conservation Cup hosted by the Uganda Wildlife Authority (UWA).
The new termination rates means that for instance, a telecom operator in Uganda routing its subscribers’ calls to another operator in Kenya, the rates should not exceed sh260.
The Court of Appeal is set to hear an appeal filed by former managing director of National Social Security Fund (NSSF) who was convicted of causing loss of sh3bn.
but in this case it I'd not yet time.
mobi to vote online.
Vote for best personalities of 2016, fill out a coupon in the New Vision paper .
Bukedde staff members welcoming guests.
We shall be tough on who ever tries to attend too.
The New Vision added 7 new photos — with Harrison Opondo Obiajulu and 2 others.
A strange happening has got the locals of a remote village Kibaale district talking: the stump of a tree that fell and got uprooted two years ago is back upright, apparently overnight.
Police RAID:62 GIRLS FOUND IN HOLDING HOUSE.
Otherwise, how do you justify all that energy they exude in just about everything they do?
He was regarded as a national hero but his family is struggling to earn a living.
Blessings To U All.
Mobile money agents could be assisting in crime.
#Teamsitenda from Uganda takes the stage.
Our members should be confident in the health of the Fund, says NSSF managing director Richard Byarugaba.
We are having our priorities wrong!
No student was hurt.
The cause of The Reds' misery tonight.
Eunice Atim and Sarah Ationo live with their father, Alex Ekolu, in Orimai cell in Amolatar town.
2013 to receive the doctorate.
Thanks to our President, opposition we love u but be objective where necessary & no Ugandan President whatsoever will bring a cup of tea at yo door just learn to work 4 yoself .
Those are the benefits of creativity.
Can'T she just rest?
Civil Servants will not get a pay raise in the next financial year, the government has announced.
In the New Vision, we bring you the witnesses who corroborated Police Spokesperson Fred Enanga's narrative.
Find out all the analysis you need in 'GOAL'.
Get a copy of New Vision for details.
But it was that very year that he went on to win his first piece of silverware.
Oryem Simon Tabu, who plays for St. Lawrence University put the University, who are also the hosts ahead in 11.
"The Archbishop was readmitted on Saturday as a precaution after his surgical wound had shown signs of infection," said a statement by his family.
Calligraphers and painters will have to lay down their tools on December 31, as Pope Francis tries to ensure the Church's apostolic benedictions, which were first issued about 100 years ago under Pope Leo XIII, raise as much money as possible for the poor.
Sprinkle tortillas with 2 tablespoons cheese slightly off-center.
Several Sudhir’s workers to be deported.
They are: Theodore Ssekikubo (Lwemiyaga County), Mohammed Nsereko (Kampala central), Barnabas Tinkasimire (Buyaga west) and Wilfred Niwagaba (Ndorwa East).
Legal Committee of Parliament visits Museveni.
But does Uganda has stock exchange?
Thousands of people were killed as a result of the earthquake and the homes of hundreds of thousands of people were destroyed.
They never saw videos of those they deployed shooting directly at civilians?
If you don’t want to miss this chance send us your Academic paper scans of 10th & 10+2 standard and passport scans or contact us immediately on +919591961188 or info.
We had a short romance and went our separate ways, but kept in touch.
Get a free copy in New Vision for more details #EPAPER- https://t.
See more at: https://goo.
Whatever amount of frustration among South Africans, what is happening is pure criminality and it's inexcusable," Wendy told the press earlier today.
New vision of terrorist rigeht?
Indonesia resumed at dawn Monday the search for an AirAsia plane that went missing in the Java Sea with 162 people on board, a search and rescue official said.
Ceos in the private sector of Uganda have asked the President to include a representative of their interests in the Cabinet to ensure they are part of the decision making process for the country.
Do YOU GIVE BACK THE MONEY AND GIFTS?
There is panic in Rukungiri after unidentified people sent two bullets wrapped in a warning letter to the Chief Magistrate of Rukungiri, Moses Kule Lubangula and four others warning them to keep off land matters in the district.
After prayer brutality and murder of opposition.
So why blame museveni?
Pillage of raw materials!
First lady Janet Museveni's Twitter handle @JanetMuseveni has been verified.
The list which is released every year rates the 20-year-old MP from Katakwi alongside Isabel Dos Santos — the powerful and influential daughter of Angolan president, Eduardo Dos Santos— as the twenty most visible faces on the African continent.
Lord Mayor-elect Lukwago: "I maintain that we need to transform Kampala into a modern city based on a shared vision".
(rtd) Dr. Kizza Besigye, this year.
But that doesn't matter to others.
We take a look at the 40-year marital journey of Prof.
Lack Of Planning En Proper Mgt Of Umeme Should Cause An Emergency On Its Clients 2 Recover Its Losses.
This is the first time I have had the guts to look at these pictures.
The recent population census of 2014 carried out by UBOS indicated that the female sex slightly outnumber the male sex.
President Yoweri Museveni has declared August 29 2020 as a day of National Prayers and Public Holiday asking the public to stay in their homes and pray for God to deliver Uganda from COVID 19.
President Zuma says no cause for alarm.
It was Einstein who classically defined the perfect caricature of a ‘fool’ who does things the same way repeatedly, but expects different results.
Local Governments are viewed by most service providers as the most corrupt in comparison to the central government, a new study revealed.
MP Mukula was convicted even after he returned the money.
📲 GET THE NEW VISION APP 👉🏽.
Don'T miss fresh and trending news Hot off the press in the Sunday Vision.
In the capital, they were expected to meet President Muhammadu Buhari as well as undergo medical checks and counselling similar to other former captives released.
Unesco and the Kenya Government today announced the discovery of one of the world’s largest underground water aquifers in the desert north of Turkana, an area best known for fossils, famine and poverty.
Fire gutted the boys’ dormitory on Wednesday evening, barely a week after another incident in which a girls’ dormitory was scorched, leading to loss of millions in students’ property.
Amin ruled Uganda from January 25, 1971 to April 11, 1979 before being ousted by a combined force of Ugandan exiles and Tanzanian forces.
"Incidentally, many of the eligible applicants were left out and instead.
“They have hired lawyers from India to deal with the issue of Videocon,” Ministry of Foreign Affairs Permanent Secretary, Ambassador James Mugume said.
Four of the newly promoted UPDF officers, including the first son, Muhoozi Kainerugaba, were decorated with insignia for the rank of Brigadier General on Tuesday.
Syria peace talks due to begin in Geneva this week look set to struggle, with the sides showing no sign of compromise over the issue at the heart of the five-year-long conflict: the future of President Bashar al-Assad.
Derby-Lewis was released from prison in June last year after serving 22 years behind bars.
Mathias Mazinga talked to a number of people about what they learnt from their fathers.
Free access to this eyeopening story here 👉🏽.
Simone Nyakwezi Rumanyika,16 who, despite coming from a middle class family, is preoccupied with making the world a better place for the less privileged youth.
President Uhuru Kenyatta: "Today I met with the Seven #SouthSudan detainees released to Kenya last month who are due to fly to Addis Ababa to join all-party talks aimed at resolving the political crisis in Africa’s youngest nation.
Let that witch rot in jail.
I only see red flags.
Free access to this story 👉🏽.
What could have been the problem here?
Rip naye yewulinde mangu.
Just before serving, in a medium mixing bowl beat whipping cream with an electric mixer on low speed just until soft peaks form.
Ugandan MPs have been inundated with complaints that many condoms on sale in the country are too small, warning the problem is a blow to the fight against AIDS.
Anyway who understands what I am saying or am I just writing on water!
5 megawatt Nyagak hydro power dam.
My wife is the ideal wife in the traditional sense of things.
Analysis: Are your children safe in the schools they attend?
Atleast The Law Iz Showing Up.
It means having the ability to see things differently than the people around you.
We had to move upwards and do it together.
Complains that many of their candidates and supporters were not only intimidated but also denied an opportunity to participate in the process.
Abiriga murderer not found.
There is a saying wic says do as I say but not as I do.
We know what to do, just open up schools.
What would you do if you were running late for your flight and this is the current situation on the road?
It is a brand-new year and with that, Copyright Law Day!
A is a peace loving country we don't need murderes here.
"We have resumed the search for the missing AirAsia plane at 6:00 am.
That chapter was closed last year am wondering why you r bringing it bk .
They have injected human stem cells into pig embryos to produce human-pig embryos known as chimeras.
The trials against Ruto and his co accused Joshua arap Sang are scheduled to begin next Tuesday.
Tourists are ready to pay any amount of money just to see them.
Quote: "I lost both my parents when i was 6 years old.
Back to the topic Muhoozi and your brother Galabuzi sozi Denis if you killed the man please dump his body to the family members they burry their lovedone.
I am today what I established yesterday or some previous day," James Joyce.
Desired,Leaves a lot to desire.
According to the Bible God recommended fruits and that will be a source of life.
They converge on Mina to throw stones at pillars representing the devil.
The EU's drug regulator to decide whether to approve a Covid jab by Novavax, which uses a more conventional technology that the US biotech firm hopes will reduce vaccine hesitancy.
Bake in preheated oven for 60 to 65 minutes, until a toothpick inserted into center of the loaf comes out clean.
All I would say is there is perhaps too many of them!
We are pleased to announce that Commercial Bank of Africa Uganda and NC Bank Uganda Limited are now NCBA Bank Uganda Limited.
But isn't the sleeping of passengers with different origins just spreading Covid 19.
The team leave next weekend (September 24) to Johannesburg where they face traditional rivals South Africa, Zimbabwe, Namibia and Zambia in Pool A of the tournament’s group.
Have you downloaded the New Vision Digital Experience App yet?
Makerere University Business school (MUBS) in Nakawa is yet to be upgraded to a university level, an official has said.
Osteoarthritis is a common health problem.
<P>Cheptegei, world 10,000m champion, will kick off his Diamond League season over the shorter distance, but it looks to be far from plain sailing.
I have never seen them on my village looking for this data.
Be among the first to get a glance into Uganda's future and the opportunities that lie ahead in the Uganda in 2022 magazine coming out on Friday 24th December exclusively in The New Vision.
Meanwhile, Iran says it could be prepared to work with the US to fight Sunni insurgents in Iraq.
S why marriages of today dont last.
Breaking: #Egypt sentences former President Mohamed Morsi to death for passing state secrets.
My bride price was paid through mobile money because it was the easiest way at the time.
Uganda’S leading English daily will publish a special guide, dealing with all issues regarding childcare, including education.
The team started with 28-0 lead in the first quarter, and stretched it to 46-2 at halftime.
Asian stocks fell on Monday on fears about a fresh global surge in coronavirus infections and as the future of US President, Joe Biden's massive social spending bill was thrown into doubt.
Democratic Party president Nobert Mao's fresh look.
The run will include distances of 21, 10 and 5 kilometers and will start from Bulange Mengo.
Uganda has been at the receiving end of the stick in the East African Community (EAC).
This is how Victoria Akao speaks Luganda with her American accent?
Middle East Is Helping In The Harrasment Of Ugandanz Abroad.
A combined rescue team of the Police and the army searched the fast moving waters in an attempt to pull out the submerged wreckage.
4% in 2005 to 7.
Afghan policemen display their skills at a police training centre in Nangarhar province yesterday.
pipo can get other's  attention by shooting best movie scenes.
This information has not reached our desk and we are not aware of such developments.
All non-alcoholic drinks count, but water and lower-fat milk are healthier choices.
The son of a clergy man, Ochieng grew up in a family that taught him how to live by Godly principles but most importantly, to work hard.
This was confirmed by Richard Andama, the RDC of Yumbe, this morning.
The US agency that regulates civil aviation said Sunday it followed "standard" procedures in certifying the Boeing jetliner whose anti-stall systems have come under scrutiny after disastrous crashes in Ethiopia and Indonesia.
New vision has done good to bring the stats.
Presidential Political Adviser Moses Byaruhanga addressing Kampala City shoe shiners before delivering to them the Capital of Sh.
The hustle for Anti-Chameleon exportation was started by those ,"Acholi and Hima in Ug .
It's on individual basis to respect your mum as a woman and choose not to marry a man from her clan.
Some times we don't see wat we have untill we loose them!
Ibrahim Abiriga's casket arrives at Gadaffi National Mosque.
The festive season is here and most people can't wait to travel and join their families’ upcountry for the Christmas celebration.
This after a journalist put it to Bukenya that he was one of the ardent admirers of President Museveni to the extent that he would gesture like him that seemed to have irked the professor.
“The Majority however required Mr Kenyatta’s physical presence for the entirety of the following sessions: the opening and closing statements of all parties and participants, hearings when victims present their views and concerns in person, the delivery of judgement in his case and any other attendance ordered by the Chamber”.
Ugandan riders are not giving up on their quest for medals at the championship.
A Military Court Martial sitting at the 3rd Division headquarters, Bugema in Mbale opened on Friday.
The Tusker malt and coca cola sponsored concert, has always been a show off for the Kampala elite class.
Find out what they are doing now.
The new system was conducted by IGN, a French firm and it cost the Government $230m (sh598b).
Help your child keep up with school while they’re at home with free education materials for P7, S1, S2, S4 and S6 classes, available in the New Vision paper every day at only UGX 2,000.
Bukenya'S journey in uganda's politics is very near to reach to an end like Ssebagala because no one in NRM will trust him again and even if he will make a u turn to the opposition, no body will trust him any more, so let NRM continue using him in this coming elections and dump him after elections.
John Nagenda says General Katumba had ﬁve hits on his body, not far from the heart.
Nancy Reagan the former first lady died on Sunday at age 94 due to congestive heart failure.
Where are the white South Africans?
The dictators will fade away as death will do us part.
You can also be paid dividends at the end of financial years or quarters if the company makes profits.
Does being a celebrity help win elections?
#Westgateupdate: 59 dead, 175 injured, 1,000 freed to safety.
The commissioners grilled Lumala for altering a Police report in which he claimed that part of Mabira forest reserve belongs to Bashir Nurdin, the proprietor of.
Moslem ladies take that advice with gd heart.
Us regulators approved Tuesday the first drug designed to boost women's sex drive, a pill that has been nicknamed the "female Viagra" but is known by the trade name Addyi.
The 2019/20 Uganda National Household Survey (UNHS) shows that the proportion of households using grid electricity declined to 19% from 22%.
” His mother, Maggie, later said her husband often referred to her that way in front of the children.
P.O Box 9815, Kampala, Uganda.
Afp met with the family recently in the cramped room in Kabul they are renting from another impoverished family.
Your thoughts on #Brexit?
But, one question still remains partly unanswered; how ready are companies to tap opportunities in this nascent sector?
Professor Venansius Baryamureeba, the active Vice Chancellor Makerere University has today been knocked out of contention to take the seat on a permanent basis.
#Fact: Chimpanzee babies are cognitively more developed than human babies until the age of six months.
The rising levels of Lake Victoria may not be a curse to all the people.
Kalyebara succumbed to cancer last in Nairobi, Kenya, at the age of 59, he is survived by six children.
Otherwise affune ndaga muntu ave ku bigambo bya otafiire.
We'Ve got 30 more minutes of action.
This brings the number of suspected cases to seven.
Mike Spencor Bown Moghadishu events occurd many years ago, he is even 44 years now not 41.
Bare this in mind when you’re job hunting you need time off to concentrate on other things and refresh your mind.
However, the question on their minds is whether those implicated will ever face justice.
Sri Lanka President Maithripala Sirisena Friday ordered the immediate dismissal of the parliament clearing the way for a snap election 10 months ahead of schedule, a government spokesman said.
So far, he has been kept quiet.
He is also part owner of Express Money Transfer, a money transfer and courier company which started about a year ago and operating throughout the world with close to a £1m pounds (sh4.
Bad timing to be talking anything URA especially with a picture of that building.
To come here and get a world record is unbelievable.
This is the least we can do as leaders to ensure that each Ugandan child is given a chance to live a healthy and productive life.
let the mighty Judge you justly.
According to a statement from the Church of Uganda Provincial Secretary, the Rev.
Should they be a priority?
Martin Kayanja, in response to a divorce petition filed by his wife, Beatrice Kayanja, at the Family Court, said Mao used to call her at night before she returned to Uganda from the UK where she was living.
A section of maize millers who supplied flour to the Office of the Prime Minister (OPM), during the Covid-19 lockdown, last week appealed to government for help, to recover from loses incurred during the said period.
At the just concluded MTN marathon, Kiprotich paid for 200 athletes to compete in the oneday event.
4 million Ugandans, of which 63.
"As an expression of our solidarity with the Government and the people of Burundi and as a mark of respect for the memory of President Nkurunziza, I hereby order that the flag of the Republic of Uganda and that of East African Community be flown at half-mast throughout Uganda and at all Ugandan embassies and consular offices abroad from tomorrow June 13, 2020, until burial," Museveni said.
But why should URA tax gratuity after milking people for so many years taking large percentage of their insufficient salaries!
President Museveni has told Born-Again Christian leaders that the proposal by State Minister for Ethics Simon Lokodo requiring all pastors to obtain formal theological training, will be discussed until a consensus is reached.
An Indian child uses a wooden plank for bouyancy as he swims through flooded streets in the village of Chandod in Vadodara district, some 160 kms.
She is above me in terms of status, money and education.
Read the story and more by buying a paper from your closest vendor or subscribing to our ePaper 👉🏾.
He doesn’t want to live in excess, he just wants a little privacy.
DETAILS 15 minutes to race.
The unrest by students started Thursday when they refused to attend class and to eat lunch claiming that the food had blood stains in it which they said was connected to witchcraft.
Can someone once again import Peougot vehicles?
It's as though a baboon trying to fight a lioness that runs to the den of its youthful cubs and it indirectly says, here is food proofing to be stuborn kids, prepare it and call me when eating.
2 billion, hit by currency movements.
The motocross fraternity that turned up in Garuga on Sunday returned home satisfied with the level of competition the riders exhibited during the 3rd round of the Mountain Dew National Motocross championship over the weekend.
Full Quarter score as shown.
They were everywhere: live music, in the clubs, at social functions…if you didn’t know better, you would think we were rather closely related to the ‘Democratic’ (ha!
His opponents say officials have mismanaged the power network.
The only way the US would seek to arrest a foreign national is when there is a crime committed directly against it's citizens and even then the warranty would be executed through the government to which that person belong .
The New Vision is with Dorothy Mwine and 4 others.
While preaching, Pastor Kayanja urged the believers to always ask God for more than they can manage adding that this is what God wants.
In 2001, Forbes magazine named him number 26 on their inaugural Africa’s 40 Richest List with a net worth of an estimated $500m (sh1.
and government doesnt think about it.
Often, this set of uniforms was accompanied by simple hand-woven sweaters.
kiira has Neva bn seen on any Ugandan roads BT just carried on a car tracker.
#Inthenewvision: One person was killed and several injured in an attack on Gulu Police Barracks.
I think it is time we get ride of them and their nonsenses.
Did u say 14yr or meant 24yrs.
Retired captain, Mugabe Dononzio Kahonda, Member of Parliament (MP) aspirant for Ruhinda County, Mitooma district has been arrested over alleged forgery of academic papers.
This has been the case for the battered wetlands around lakes Victoria, Kyoga and parts of western Uganda.
The Court of Appeal on Monday, May 31, 2021, will hear 30 criminal appeals in a session that will be conducted for two weeks.
Speaking during a public dialogue, organized by NGO forum on assessing the first 100 days of President Yoweri Museveni since he was sworn in Muntu said.
Look for gradual changes in behavior.
Pele says Lionel Messi better than Cristiano Ronaldo.
The nine year old drowned in swimming pool in Gulu district New Vision TV offers analyzed news content on trending stories in Uganda, be it politics, busines.
But, a group interested in changing this trend, now promotes reading, even in prisons.
Comment - KCCA is moving to stop noise pollution in the city.
How can someone in ICU escape?
The babies were born on April 9 this year at Kibuli Hospital but are still stuck in the health facility.
Tilling land, walking, or even asking a girl out — they do it with some kind of force.
Ever one you like but please don’t use 1500 .
My light is to shine until Thursday evening when I set.
The build up starts in next 20 minutes.
A man has been has been left stranded and consequently taken to sleeping in his vehicle, he says, after his house was knocked down in a land wrangle.
The Chief Justice, Benjamin Odoki has written to embattled Rubaga MP, Singh Katongole Marwaha informing him that he has no right to appeal his election petition loss to the Supreme Court.
@Apollo k. you call that a movie .
The New Vision is with Philip Mangori and 17 others.
Bat petitions court over govt restrictions on tobacco.
However, defence lawyer Evans Ocheng put up a spirited fight in court saying that it is against the law to commit an accused person in absentia.
Should I continue with her or I let her go?
Today we pray for the sick, homeless, suffering, helpless & anyone who has lost hope.
there is no way of observing the sops any more.
Uganda v Kenya: Follow the action http://j.
Photo SHOWS Kiprotich with his two older children after he was hosted by President Museveni at State House after his gold-medal winning feat in 2012.
You can read all that here >>.
The New Vision Today.
2 pounds) reaching as high as $1,100.
🧐👓 At least 15% of all people that walk into Lubaga Hospital have eye disorders and many are ignorant about it.
In all this, his parents are hopeful for his complete healing.
China – Uganda 🇺🇬🇨🇳: Nampomba Shadia - Manager Liao Shen Industrial Park which employs about 15,000 people at full capacity hence significantly contributing to the forex earnings of Uganda.
Russia tested a ground-launched cruise missile, breaking the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty signed in 1987 during the Cold War, the US said.
She also wants to leave behind the social stratum she’s dubbed “the groundlings” and carve out a place among the “silk hats,” where her former best friend, Maddie, and Twinkle’s longtime crush, Neil, are counted as members.
For inspection and information, call 0708677771.
The exercise had been halted last week after it became difficult to dig the hard surface.
Papaya is also a remedy for sugar disease!
Trouble for Facebook boss?
30am at Wembley arena, and weight lifter Ssekyaaya at noon.
This is the day I begin my life anew; shine through me so that every person I meet may feel your presence in me.
The New Vision is with Reagan Ronald and 17 others.
Are the authorities to take the blame, or should the fingers point to the public?
Tune in to Bukedde TV, Bukedde Fama and Urban Television for live broadcast.
To get a copy of the Sunday Vision from the comfort of your home follow the instructions on the website https://vpg.
The Pope says always move with your rosary.
Graduation ceremony at Nkumba University, October.
May Allah rest him in paradise.
Police today dispersed rowdy SC Villa fans who interrupted a Bell Uganda Cup game between their side and URA FC at Lugazi stadium.
Otherwise, you'll both feel like you can't count on each other.
Members of parliament are not aware of details of this loan because they were not informed about it.
Never go to bed on an argument.
Find out how much men have to pay to get a wife.
Ddumba commended outgoing VC Venansius Baryamureeba and promised to build on his reforms.
Upon arriving at Katogo Health Centre IV with her husband, Musisi Majara, the medics were ready to attend to her.
Think of the effects of addiction to her age.
Arrested Rwandans linked to a hit squad that has been killing and abducting Rwandans in Uganda.
My best advice, exes should stay that way, exes.
India has become the world's 3rd country to pass 4 million coronavirus infections, setting a new record daily surge cases on Saturday as the crisis shows no sign of peaking.
The partnership between Friday Night Lights Limited and Kinetic Management raised the bar of sports innovation in Uganda with the creation of Friday Night Lights (FNL) seven years ago.
There's no better way for you to show your love.
Of all issues in the country, is this worth a priority.
That man drake lubega thinks he can own the entire world, but one day we shall remind him that in this world you only own 6x4ft land,the rest doesn't belong to you.
Every one has their destiny and u just can't fight Destiny.
"I am tomorrow, or some future day, what I establish today.
In today's NEW VISION: Pope visit confirmed AND FREE Toto magazine http://epaper.
Caption this picture and Challenge this pose.
While reading the budget speech in June this year, the Minister of Finance Maria Kiwanuka announced a tax increment on spirits manufactured using local materials from 45% to 60% while that from imported raw materials from 60% to 70%.
That'S African ignorence no wander.
The New Vision is with Bigsize Meddie and Nuwamanya Hillary Gumisiiriza.
그렇다면 인류의 자유와 평화는 왜 쟁취하지 못하는가!
Pushing each other in awesome new directions can be one of the most satisfying things about being in a relationship.
The message to my lovely wife kiripi juliet is,we shall always remain inseparable and shall treat her like a best friend," says Monday John Wakighoma.
Jasmijn Knaapen, watch him here.
Shot him as you see him plz.
Apple for corporate only.
Pretty is not one of those girls whose parents give them names they cannot justify.
In the HOMES &CONSTRUCTION: Find the tricks builders use to steal.
E figure, etc - he surely had enough to gain access to any woman above 30 but the fact that he deliberately made most of his picks from his own 'vulnerable' students is criminal!
The Syrian Kurdish Democratic Union Party (PYD) has voted to create an autonomous federation in the northern part of the country.
8 billion, representing an increase of 18.
What'S UP ON VALENTINE'S?
In an interview with the Director, Public and International Relations at MUBS, Peter Simon Odoki said that there is a lot they have to fulfill before the school can gain its autonomy and at the moment they are awaiting communication from the ministry of education.
Do you accept the apology?
Temutusibako bi candidate byamwe ebitasobola.
A popular Rwandan musician appealed for leniency Thursday after pleading guilty at the opening of his trial to plotting attacks on the country's leaders.
"I am going to prove to my fans that Golola Moses is not a joking subject any more.
President Yoweri Museveni has sent a luxurious Land Cruiser vehicle to Kabaka Ronald Muwenda II as a birthday gift.
Why not just do it?
The picture was taken by an eye witness and posted on Social Media.
I absolutely love these guys!
Sori to all de victimz.
Tourism minister Maria Mutagamba has launched a 10-year general management plan for Musambwa Island tourism programme in Rakai district.
Under the deal, the unnamed private Kenyan company will construct the DP headquarters dubbed Ben Kiwanuka House.
Army spokesman Paddy Ankude said about the speakers decision to not accpet a request from army MP; Gen.
The detentions came after the interior ministry said 19 businesses were raided by police on Tuesday in the capital Cairo and the cities of Alexandria and Ismaila.
The UN children's agency, Unicef, estimates that more than 90% of Somali girls undergo FGM.
French riot police charged and used tear gas to disperse rowdy English soccer fans in Lille on Wednesday, though the northern city was spared feared clashes with Russian supporters.
It is an excellent way to keep the body in tip-top shape.
E temutwokera abaana baffe ku masomero.
Covid-19 guidelines do not violate human rights — UHRC #EPAPER: http://is.
A young boy tries to hide from his friends on the top of an old grass-thatched house as they play in Namulaba village, Wabwoko sub county in Kayunga district putting his life in danger.
Get a copy of the New Vision for details.
She came with nothing.
A student of Nsambya vocational school torched himself after losing tuition fees is father had given him.
Why is she bothered, please advise?
Watch below 👇🏽 a sneak peek of some of the stories in today's New Vision (December 3, 2021).
Fact: In 2009, scientists announced a skin disorder they called “PlayStation palmar hidradenitis” caused by too much video game playing.
And when you think about it, it makes perfect sense.
Its now a gone case.
The Flight U332 touched down Kilimanjaro International Airport at 11:30 am from Entebbe International Airport.
The speaker was glad to see Desmond Elliot, know from his previous career as an actor.
The New Vision created a poll.
If then you are not able to do as small a thing as that, why are you anxious about the rest?
The bodies of four Ugandan workers who died in Kuwait almost three months ago will be brought home today and Friday.
Paul Rusesabagina, the 'Hotel Rwanda' hero who became a fiercely outspoken government critic, was sentenced on Monday to 25 years in prison on terrorism charges after what his supporters labelled a politically motivated show trial.
The parents of baby Chelsea Tazenya who was stolen by a maid in Kira Municipality division were overjoyed to receive their toddler back alive and healthy-http://bit.
The Anti- corruption Court today issued criminal summons against former Vice President Gilbert Bukenya.
Kenya intercepts Ugandan women; full story in the New Vision.
Ohh God why did this oil thing come at this time.
A routine round of golf has taken a uniquely Australian turn with stunned players finding a giant python wrestling with a wallaby on a fairway.
He has pinned his next campaign poster around Parliament.
Senior cop Namaganda has this afternoon recorded a statement with Police where she reported the incident case after her footage went viral on social media.
The Uganda Law Reform Commission (ULRC) is set to amend the Prisons' Act, to among other things, reflect the current situation and public demands, including availing conjugal rights for inmates.
This month, the IMF asked the Mugabe administration to clarify the country’s policy on black empowerment.
Court documents show Tiharihondi used a lamp, baseball bat, and a hammer to kill his family.
The New Vision added 56 new photos — in Nswanjere, Mubende, Uganda.
Details in Saturday Vision.
G with a 1st class country by an african leader results into loss of athousands of life of the innocent population.
Jurgen Klopp will love his side's character so far.
India and Uganda are poised to lead global growth in the next decade as new economic projections indicate the ascendency of countries on the Indian Ocean rim and East Africa.
Thinking of joining university?
T about the remaing stakeholders ie the farmers and extension workers.
President Yoweri Museveni will tomorrow deliver the state of nation address in which he is expected to tell the nation what has been achieved in the last one year and government priorities in the next 12 months .
The committee will inspect sites, issue plans, enforcement notices and occupation permits, approve plans, enforcement and demolition.
For the first time.
Are they about to join a nursery school and start their education journey?
What is your motive of sharing this now?
We thank you for always being there for us, that we never have to worry about lacking a thing.
Bisaka orders believers to vote Museveni, details in the Saturday Vision.
1 in 3 people don’t work in careers related to their degree.
Some critics’ say that fashion has been on a low this year compared to 2012, yet, about thirty runways have been registered in at the 2013 fashion scene.
President Yoweri Museveni has directed that the widows and orphans of the helicopters crash victims should continue staying in the UPDF quarters until arrangements are made to relocate them.
District engineers have been reminded to implement construction plans that do not eat into road reserves.
Led by Juergen Salzer, the team embarked on a trip to several national parks, including Kibale for Chimpanzee trekking; Bwindi for gorilla tracking; Bugoma forest, Lake Mburo and Queen Elizabeth, among others.
Government freezes account of Uganda Health Marketing Group, an NGO over purported money laundering.
Wc company is making cigarrates n are we in da moon.
The army had ran amok.
Ibrahim Nsimbe alias Moses Kyeyune was convicted on Wednesday by trial magistrate Patrick Wekeasa at Nakawa Court in Kampala and ordered to pay back the money, after serving his sentence.
#Bjp leader @narendramodi tweets: "#India has won.
Saying sorry can be meaningless if a child doesn’t mean it.
The COVID-19 task force and President Yoweri Museveni have agreed to reopen the economy fully in January 2022 in sequence despite a surge in cases of the deadly virus.
You don't have a wife, that one is simply a bully.
Several victims of the nodding head syndrome have been made pregnant in Kitgum district.
The police have denied the Kampala Lord Mayor Erias Lukwago permission for inspection of civil works in the city and a political rally slated for today.
@ Kilama, don't you know that he has relentlessly given wise counsel to this failing state more so the chief executive?
People should be very careful during the rainy season.
Uganda Parliament is just a one-man tool of dealing instead of leading the country.
If you lose family, it is impossible to replace them.
<P>“If you are a PWD, and you cannot prove that you have the disability, you will not get this money.
Consumers are being robbed and endangered by these fake substandard goods!
“You define your own life.
If I killed her, she would be a hero.
Very good for religion also.
The team recovered seven.
It'S still dangerous but we have new diseases more deadly than HIV.
Where other district like Mubende?
Why were they released again?
(B) Sudan, Tanzania, Burundi and Somalia.
Former UPC presidential aspirant for the Uganda People’s Congress (UPC) party Dr Dickson Opul has been remanded to Luzira Prisons after his tenants accused him of unlawful eviction.
Ec issued certificates of clearance to 10 presidential aspirants.
These abnormalities shld be rectified.
thx, bambi we'r busy!
Sites for the new sports of surfing, climbing, skateboarding, karate and baseball at the Tokyo Games were approved by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) on Wednesday.
yet the mother says omwana wange yali tanywa!
To read more go to .
Buy and read the New Vision Online here.
Are u saying that we should forget about the other small crime nation?
ENROL for CPA Today via .
In the heightened efforts to combat terrorism, Police are planning to monitor the former rebels and ex-convicts.
Unfortunately , there is no time to think of such!
But what is that guy touching?
Parliament is looking for special office space to hire for former Speaker, Rebecca Kadaga incase she fails to make it to Cabinet.
Halfway into the opening half and it is still goalless in today's only Premier League action between hosts #Maroons and #Express.
The New Vision added 84 new photos.
It was clear Mr Mandy took on the role of the secretariat.
"In the circumstances, we humbly seek that the matter be fixed and your worship proceeds to have the respondent undergo a mental psychological evaluation by a professional,” the law firm representing Esteri (Salim Saleh's daughter) requests in its letter.
Okurut’S ordeal started in April when he developed a skin rash as a reaction to the ARVs he got from Kamuli Hospital.
They must have tilted a lot of facts to arrive at the doctored verdict.
Burundi police clash with protesters after President Nkurunziza was declared candidate for a third term.
A "massive" fire shut down Nairobi's international airport Wednesday with flights diverted to regional cities, officials said, as firefighters struggled to put out the blaze in east Africa's most important transport hub.
Speaking at a roundtable in Moscow, Bastrykin said that the world urgently needed a new system of checks and balances that would allow equal representation of all nations on the international political arena.
Knowing what Uganda is, I have always said there is nothing as difficult as raising a girl child in this land of so many pedophiles, perverts and 'hyenas' brandishing all sorts of goodies ranging from school fees, LED TVs, Mobile phones, cars, jobs, etc.
Double blessings are flowing at the #BGExpo2018.
The lorry that ploughed into a busy Berlin Christmas market, killing at least 12 people and injuring dozens more, was steered into the crowd "intentionally", Berlin police said early Tuesday.
And without God, we are nothing.
Pliz go on with wedding preperation u a not related 2 dat woman.
Kabaka Mwanga II dies while in exile in Seychelles at the age of 35.
Head of Marketing Susan Nsibirwa on behalf of Vision Group has thanked Ugandans for supporting the Kiprotich Prize.
Street vendors are all over the world.
a young woman carrying a basket of ripe bananas on top of her head slip into an open manhole along Jinja road.
The stakes were particularly high as the new president will be the first to enjoy enhanced powers, without even a prime minister, under a new constitution agreed.
Thou we all no those who kill by the sword wil also die by the same sword.
I praise you for allowing me another day to spend with my family.
About 80 bodies have been found in the Central African Republic's capital; Bangui today.
Leave that for Android!
They have been arguing that interest rates are driven by the market and that when the central bank lowers its rate, automatically, they lower theirs.
In a bid to reconcile its members, the Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) party has said it will set up a committee to probe alleged election malpractices.
Today'S New Vision newspaper leads with final results from the population census .
Pioneer bus company is seeking a concession to be allocated eight major city roads with special lanes.
A Civil Society Organisation (CSO) has petitioned Parliament’s committee on education and sports over the suspension of pregnant girls from Bishop Barham University College, an affiliate of Uganda Christian University, Mukono.
Enemy of progress killing some people's savoir.
Im surprised it worked so well!
Almighty God, today we pause to say thank You.
aspx or your favourite stall.
It may be an online game - but 40,000 fans have filled a stadium in South Korea to catch the final of the "2014 League of Legends World Championship".
Don't think people are foolish!
We should always remember to pray to God in all situations of life not only in difficulties .
Details in today's Sunday Vision.
Was it your great grandpa's!
Makerere UNIVERSITY GETS BOOKS WORTH sh2.
Do not stir into the rice.
Communist-Ruled China now has 596 billionaires, up a "staggering" 242 over the last year, Shanghai-based luxury magazine publisher Hurun Report said, surpassing the 537 Americans.
Going out of your way to be extra sensitive to the needs of others may seem unnecessary, but it might make the difference between wasting energy in endless conversation and accomplishing exactly what you intended.
Good but what do think about the regime in Uganda?
Spread whipped cream over cake; sprinkle with remaining chopped Butterfinger.
I will not be intimidated but I know my daughter’s death was arranged by some big people,” she noted with tears rolling down her cheeks.
as a failed state don't waste tym.
In an exclusive interview with New Vision on Thursday, lands minister Daudi Migereko revealed that the ministry had started using the computerised registry.
Us President Richard Nixon resigned on this day.
Legislators have called for heavy penalties on telecom firms accused of cheating their clients through bogus telephone transactions where clients lose huge sums of money in double charges and unsolicited messages.
Why don't u frst test or check be4 it reach in the country.
They will face #Argentina to whom they lost in 1986 SF.
Can u be more polite and end with .
As Moscow and Washington neared agreement on measures to avoid confrontation over Syria, Russia announced that a hotline had been set up with Israel to ensure there would be no clashes between their air forces.
Works minister Abraham Byandala explained that the board was not fully constituted.
Does carrying your partner’s handbag make you less of a man?
The New Vision is with Dumba Tebyasa.
The space of 21 days.
Throngs of Cubans began paying their last respects to Fidel Castro in Havana's iconic Revolution Square on Monday, kicking off a week-long farewell to the divisive Cold War titan.
Members of Parliament’s public accounts committee (PAC) have grilled ofﬁcials from the defence and veterans affairs ministry over the alleged diversion of sh32b without authorisation.
Qatar has confirmed its first case of coronavirus, state media reported Saturday after a 36-year-old Qatari woman who was evacuated to Doha from Iran tested positive.
Only then will you understand that we do not make money as is alleged by the public.
Then Rasul blamed him for his action of killing a person who has surrendered, let alone; a Muslim, as it was against Islam.
Thumbs up uhuru cos once in a while we have to fire them using hard words.
the gov't removed tax on all agric imputs we have to appreciate that.
Police in Mukono District are holding a 38-year-old-man who is alleged to have kicked his wife to death at a drinking joint.
However, you should stand warned because theft in car parks has picked a thrust.
This is the largest one of them all in the world.
The New Vision added 6 new photos — with Reojie Ustus Dda.
This baby has been missing from home -makindye, since around 8am.
The others are Prospus Businge, Stephen Kananura and Kasukali Mitusera, all independent candidates.
#M7 promises Cement factory.
Good evening country men,   I am addressing you about some new problem in the Health sector.
Local media report the situation is “relatively calm” and that one ambulance has left the scene.
Pope allows Ugandan PRIEST to get married.
Each passing day, the Government loses hope of recovering sh432b from several companies, including 10 ghost firms, which it gave loans in the 1990s.
The Auditor General has discovered that equipment worth sh60b is lying idle in hospitals due to lack of skills to use it.
Today, he runs Lucky Rich Products Limited, an over sh40m worth food processing company and employs 32 youths in Kyengera.
This man's blessing is huge.
3 million or 33% of the country’s population by 2050.
Is that man still earning gov't salary?
Get the testimonies of the victims in today's paper.
Deputy Resident City Commissioner (RCC) for Rubaga division in Kampala, Deborah Mbabazi has tipped local leaders in Bakuli community on mechanisms of reducing crime.
Bayern midfielder Alphonso Davies.
it's everyone's wish mostly we ladies.
Semujju Nganda that smile is normally for those who have got smiling wallets after the big showdown!
It is a repeat of last season's final duel in the round of 16.
I met my girlfriend three years ago.
What about we who dont own andloid fone &would like 2acces the system(the service).
Donald Trump for Jesus,may God bless america.
7, after sending it, wait for some seconds, you will receive an activation message saying: your account has been credited, then Check ur account bal.
Let him come we give him a job to coach the Uganda cranes.
The cafe will also offer a toad-themed dessert.
Good Morning from Kampala and a Happy Martyrs Day.
Both sides face charges that their fans threw objects during the last 16, first leg, which PSG won 2-0.
The officials had traveled from Juba to the Western Equatoria State to meet the Ugandan community.
Thanx a lot Presidents Paul, Joel,Uhuru ,Ali and the rest for this new development.
The battle against it is still on.
Zimbabwe has agreed to major reforms including compensation for evicted white farmers.
Regional leaders have directed that peace negotiations between the #M23 rebels and the Government of #Congo should resume as a way of ending fighting in eastern DR Congo.
When she lost her parents at the age of seven, Nakyejwe Sylvia thought it was the end of her happiness.
None of my other friends want to get involved but surely this girl should know?
This is Uganda, where Facebook is suspended but the National Newspaper is posting every bit of minute!
In remembrance of the humble beginning, we will have a reprint of the pioneer paper in TOMORROW's issue of the New Vision!
Hapi Independence Day Ghana!
Rabbi Dov Lior, a national- religious leader and the chief rabbi of Kiryat Arba and Hebron, published a letter on Monday saying that Jewish law permits destroying the entire Gaza Strip to bring peace to the south of the country.
I see 24 people in the photo.
The New Vision added 4 new photos — in Kampala, Uganda.
A rich buffet of cultures at the official opening of the 64th Commonwealth Parliamentary Conference in #Kampala .
U've serve ug's with one heart.
QUESTIONS (1)Since when did somaliz own prime land in Uganda?
Did YOU KNOW: Valentines cards, gifts and flowers on Valentine's Day are banned in one district in Pakistan!
If you missed his story in Pakasa last Friday, check out our e-paper at http://epaper.
I think parents need to get serious.
#Breaking NEWS: 'Power Ranger' actor Ricardo Medina arrested for stabbing his roommate to death with a sword.
If you put her ahead of where she should have been before COVID-19 you cannot predict the time she needs for ‘catch-up’.
There goes your pockets.
<P><Em>Kyagulanyi reminded Ugandans of President Yoweri Museveni's clarion call to the nation to go for vaccination if the economy is to get fully opened.
Then the youth I see in that picture are not normal.
,anyone emerging with good time for international events?
“I had tried out several diet plans, combined with exercising, in a bid to lose weight.
Students at Makerere University have demanded that management extends the current semester, seeing as it is a promotional one.
Uganda Sports Journalists Association gives the Uganda Golf National Team 5 million shillings at a dinner.
Dr Congo authorities banned a huge opposition demonstration on Monday after two policemen died in clashes with protesters calling for President Joseph Kabila to step down.
If you have lived in your house for more than 10 years, chances are that its interior and exterior design does not appeal to you any more than it did when you first moved in.
The climax of the Golden Jubilee is slated to be held on October 18 this year.
Nduka Ugbade, captain of the team who beat West Germany 2-0 in the final in Beijing, told BBC Sport: "I have finally received my money.
Did you know that brokers are fueling land grabbing in the country.
So called imbalances in choosing stars ?
Grab a copy of today's Saturday Vision for your free goal pull out.
The Inter-Party Cooperation (IPC) is in talks with Kampala Central MP Erias Lukwago to convince him to step down for Mabikke in Kampala mayoral race:.
Woman accused of forging Will to grab 500 acres.
Kayihura is being sanctioned "for having been a leader or official of an entity that has engaged in or whose members have engaged in serious human rights abuse against Ugandan citizens, as well as for his involvement in corruption".
They are way too ahead of them.
"Look forward to every day, to doing something for yourself every day, whether it’s a run or listening to an audiobook or practicing meditation or yoga.
That is not news fool those who pay you to become a fool.
Why soil must be tested before planting https://harvestmoney.
The New Vision is with Kigoonya Isaac and Ďãńdý Phàŕouk Cazorla.
Read full story and more in #Intimate.
At the start of your work life, you have probably convinced yourself that you have a lot of time.
Winnie ascends UNAIDS leadership when Uganda has already achieved it's HIV tipping point, new infections are dropping to 50,000 a year, HIV-related deaths are decreasing.
Well, he says he wants to become a pilot, and thanks to the intervention of Soroti Municipality MP Capt.
Her VISION brings you Cissy Kagaba, the voice against graft.
Find out how she did it in Pakasa tomorrow only in The New Vision.
How they are kidnapping baganda .
Catch all the sports action in the GOAL PULLOUT!
Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) founding President Col.
Was there any other choice?
We need to know and be informed.
This often leads to sex.
It has exciting news, it is already on the streets.
Spokesman for the UN mission in Mali Olivier Salgado has denied that the shooting of two comrades by a Chadian peacekeeper had anything "to do with the peacekeeping mission".
Banange you are murdering the queen's language.
As at 7pm, #Kenyans have raised Kenyan shillings; 11,439,092 via M-PESA No 848484 for the #Westgate tragedy victims.
If you don’t know and understand what the current state of the customer experience is, how can you possibly design the desired future state?
4 secs by Nassif of Central Africa Republic.
The New Vision is with Andrew Mwesiga at Namboole.
"76 Days" named for the duration of the central Chinese city's lockdown, is the first major documentary from the disease's original epicenter to hit theaters.
Earthly realities fade away like dust in the wind, said the pope at the Basilica of Santa Sabina in Rome on Wednesday.
So don't feel like you have to download Lady Gaga because her tunes are supposed to pump you up go with any music that you find uplifting.
The MPs will retain their seats in Parliament,” ruled Thursday.
One thing clear is that the method of lining behind respective candidate was the source of the hooliganism and insecurity that was demonstrated during the riggingful voting ?
To avoid eating too much of even the healthiest foods, keep track of how much you’re eating.
Posing under water and modeling high fashion couture.
But it can be difficult staying healthy and safe during this long holiday season.
They are trailing 0-3 at home.
The First Philly Bongoley Lutaaya memorial lecture to be held on Friday this week to recognize his efforts in the fight against stigma around HIV/AIDS.
Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) Councillors are opposed to Government plans to amendment the Trade Licensing Act, 1969, to allow non-citizens to transact business in any part of the country, saying it will strangulate local traders and entrepreneurs.
The New Vision added a new photo — at Nile Avenue.
President Yoweri Museveni Tuesday launched the National Initiative for Civic Education in Uganda (NICE-UG).
According to the woman’s husband they were arguing when his wife suddenly went to leap from the balcony.
The New Vision is with Stuart Katega and 7 others.
Charlie Denzel Mwiyeretsi becomes the First House Mate to be Evicted from Big Brother Africa - The Chase.
Lead me oh lord.
President Cyril Ramaphosa has said South African will close its borders from Wednesday to all foreigners from countries highly impacted by the coronavirus pandemic.
Get your free pull out in Saturday Vision or buy & read the #EPAPER via -.
Aircraft carriers are at the heart of the US Navy's global reach capabilities, and a symbol of American military might.
SEE MORE: 👉 #EPAPER: is.
5b to the national broadcaster for the land located on Faraday Road in Bugolobi, Kampala in December 2010.
The New Vision is with Nsereko Akram and Moses Nathan Muhangi.
They returned in the 80s to revive the family business that had been destroyed.
The Official Twitter account for the Government of South Sudan has announced that President Salva Kiir has postponed elections earlier set for 2015.
We are going to have a ‘win a wedding’ promotion but this time, 10 couples stand a chance to win exciting prizes like gowns, cake, honeymoons to mention but a few.
Did he know about the money before or after?
Cyber harassment attracts a maximum sentence of three years or a fine of sh1.
The seven story building has one tenant so far, mcash Uganda.
May their souls rest in peace.
#2021Recap: Uganda has received the first group of evacuees from Afghanistan.
The panel voted a “no-bill” and dismissed all potential charges against Officer Daniel Pantaleo.
President Yoweri Museveni has said the army cannot overthrow the NRM government because it is built on strong pillars:http://cot.
Plse priest judge not and you will not be judged condem not and you will not be condmed .
8bn to the crisis management account without permission from the secretary to the Treasury, Chris Kassami.
President Yoweri Museveni's full statement on MANDELA.
“2014 was the planet’s warmest year on record”.
All of them were Baganda.
Imagine if the National Water Boss had his wife in labour in Mulago, would he want the water cut for any amount of money?
Very certain the car is without engine.
Very many wise men are at home because no one can identify them.
UG has a president.
selling part of his cattle and a chunk of his rwakitura land and Giving to the poor community.
I have just learnt that the woman he had the children with is my eldest sister’s close friend.
Neymar'S goal separates the two sides in the game that has been closed to fans at Parc des Princes.
Okutambula kwa Pulezidenti kulina kyekunaataasa?
Just waiting for #free vaccine donations!
Your news editor is probably not competent enough.
Boat accident: Do you know that three cars have not been claimed?
Find out how male MPs sexually harass staff in Saturday Vision.
It was very interesting but too much congestion!
If yo partner is into eating u can go with a Rolex chapat!
Well, give it your best shot -- you probably won't be far wrong.
They have nine minutes to gun down their opponents.
Parliament business has come to a standstill as majority MPs travel to Boston for Uganda North American Association (UNAA) convention.
Twin loses genitals in a dog attack.
I oppose his bad leadership and his oppressive policies.
Ple and O I level exams is a waste of resources in this 21 century.
Bank of Uganda has appointed seven banks to compete at its auctions of treasury bonds and bills, reforming the primary dealership system.
He is a killer, enemy.
Loro nawe salira ekikyo.
One of the men held a pistol to my neck.
Katureebe observed that political activism had shrouded law practice.
The New Vision is with Boris Korey.
The Uganda Prisons has released startling statistics.
Political parties under the IPOD have agreed that “the Government should increase their public funding from the current sh10b to sh35b” in the next financial year.
Ministers   New FACES   Irene Muloni , Minister of Energy and Minerals Tress Bucyanayandi , Minist.
Remind of his ten point program!
The South Korean firm, whose key mobile phone operations have struggled in the face of intense competition from cut-price Chinese rivals, also warned that it expected 2015's "business environment.
can u respect our leaders!
Ambassador Peter Otai, former rebel commander of the defunct Uganda People’s Army and former Defence minister in the Milton Obote II government, is in discussions with the government, through an emissary over his return from exile in London.
This doesn't apply to Ugandan girls.
Ultimately, you won’t really know what you love to do unless you actually bite the bullet.
It happened so fast.
Defending champions #ManCity have been ruthless at the #Emirates, hitting three past a hapless #Arsenal side, thanks to two goals by Kevin de Bruyne and a strike by Raheem Sterling.
"Our gallant soldiers put up a spirited fight, during which three of them lost their lives, while others sustained injuries," Sidikou said in a statement.
Gift Ali is back.
Jacob Kiplimo scoops gold for Uganda.
Give your all," he said.
There is plenty of news for you in today's edition.
Blackberry is getting a much-needed lifeline, announcing Monday that it had struck a deal to be bought for $4.
They have very little in common.
I have seen who had crush on me.
The operation commanded by Mityana district police commander Henry Kintu mainly targeted lodges in the town that are said to harbor criminals who execute their missions at night.
Blessings can come in a number of ways.
Well, here’s some of the events you can be a part of.
Please caption (names and where its taken from) .
However, one must remember that life does not end after Christmas.
We go tired of that bush war hogwash!
The Government is not trailing the Speaker of Parliament Rebecca Kadaga, security minister Muruli Mukasa has said.
The New Vision is with Richard Odongo.
Tell us u vision fools.
Kickoff the week of LOVE ❤️ in style, do that ☝️one thing you've always postponed.
Termites may appear harmless insects to human beings, but if ignored, they can destroy your property, mainly the house.
They would discuss and say, remove this road or that project and put that money on our salaries.
#Somalia Oil and Gas Summit opens in #UK.
Details in the New Vision 👉#EPAPER: https://is.
The New Vision is with Ariho Godfrey and Namara Zaitun.
A High Court at Masindi has ordered for the survey of a 962-hectare-piece of land in Kiryandongo district that a Court of Appeal (COA) judge sold to Government.
Uwa has allowed the residents in Ntoroko district to access the national park to get materials for construction and making crafts.
Remove the banana bread from the pan.
I remember the school.
Enjoy nonstop music🎶, movies🎬 & sports⚽️ 24/7 from northern #Uganda🇺🇬 on Vision Group's new TV station.
These skills become more refined with each passing month.
Indeed As the Faithful Christians we must follow the Example of our matters .
Ugandan born Danny Faure who is the current Seychelles vice president and Minister of Finance is set to become the country’s new president on 16th October.
This chap should know that nothing comes on the cheap.
Last week two people died in Kotor in a remotely detonated bomb blast, an unprecedented incident police said was tied to the gang violence.
Shs36Bn was spent on building the parking lot for MPs.
With less than two years to the next general elections, the Forum for Democratic Change is threatening to come apart at the seams as discord between its top party members continue to paint a picture of a party in disarray.
Passengers included 139 Italians, 11 Americans, 10 Ethiopians as well as nationals from Nigeria, Romania, France, Ireland, Germany and other countries.
Rwanda’S second largest political party, Parti Social Démocrate (PSD), has backed the removal of term limits for elected political leaders in the country’s constitution.
Net bundles,&email provider, iphone,ipad,if ey pass!
I guess this is because, besides standing with each other in prayer, and agreeing over common issues, corporate family prayer also plays the part of letting family members know what is going on in the others’ lives.
In OIL &GAS : JOINT VENTURES SECURE PATH TO OIL OPPORTUNITIES .
Ugandans should know dat u cant walk on fire without burning, what comes around turns around.
2 -BOLT surpassed Michael JOHNSON (USA) to become the first man with four 200m titles at the Olympic Games and world championships combined.
You will notice the BLUE BADGE of approval above.
No problem cool donwn gal.
You’ve won the battle by stealing my victory but the war rages on,” Anite said.
Iryn has for the last two weeks been through hell and back!
What clients need most in tough times is a provider they can trust.
Twenty weather stations are to be installed in various districts with the first phase seeing 12 being installed in February and eight in the second phase.
He died in 2004.
This has raised concern among parents, doctors and local leaders about the lives of the minors, who have to deal with the debilitating disease and burden of being child mothers.
The New Vision added 4 new photos.
The children, aged between 11 and 16, are believed to have retreated further into the cave as monsoon rains fell and flooded the cave.
The lawmakers were bitter with the University Council chairperson as well as the vice chancellor who did not show up for a meeting as scheduled on Tuesday and Wednesday.
He will now concentrate on the 3,000m steeplechase together with Benjamin Kiplagat.
Contact them today via Call .
For the young rejoicing my sincere prayer is your parents survive through this.
Flight MH370 disappeared on 8 March while en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing, with 239 people on board.
Uganda’S new singing sensation, Daniel Kaweesa, has never kissed a woman and is a virgin.
Codenamed OraQuick, the kit detects the presence of HIV in saliva collected using a mouth swab.
Panel installation was still going on as late as 2014 yet the contract deadline was 2009.
Try another blow Juliana,a disadvantage of producing one child.
Aint none wrong with bein fat.
"Africa needs to run while others walk if we are to catch up" - President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni.
"We want to make you leaders in agri-business.
“Some of our careless people in the system did not listen.
Cryptocurrency saga deepens as Security faults Financial Intelligence Authority.
Bringing all those leaders together for our common good!
A goal - it could go either way - is knocking on the door.
Find out why the Chinese contractor for the Kampala-Entebbe Express Highway lost his temper and blasted MPs in your copy of the New Vision.
Inzzi, Kipsiro on board British Airways right now, ready to take off from Ebb for London 2012.
Kyaps will pay it back in four years.
Mutaasa Kafeero’s newly wed daughter and her husband engaged in an argument over her nude photos a day before she tried to hit him with an iron bar, detaials have emerged.
Superitendant of Police in two weeks time.
But how was the situation in the countryside?
A journalist is overwhelmed by the smart phone he is using for the first time to cover a story about Kampala City’s cheapest restaurants.
More than 17 million people have now received at least a first dose -- one-third of the UK population.
Dr. Kisamba Mugerwa, the former chairperson of the National Planning Authority and a former student under the tutelage of Prof.
If you can’t, then take a deep breath and wait until you’re calm before you address the situation.
A suicide bomber rams a car laden with explosives onto a busy restaurant in center of #Mogadishu, #Somalia.
Don't bury your thoughts, put your vision to reality.
Are abandoned police kiosks becoming a threat to communities around them?
🎤🎶 Legendary country music star Kenny Rogers has died at the age of 81.
White House: No change in terror threat level after #CanadaShooting.
Berlin - Sepp Blatter has made it clear he will not resign as FIFA president and is determined to fight right up until the next election on February 26.
May his Soul Rest In Peace.
By 9:00am on Christmas eve, six babies had been born in Soroti.
According to a communiqué, several positions are to be filled among them in the environment, finance and administration, audit, legal, human resource and information technology offices.
May their soul rest eternal peace.
"We (journalists) must guard professionalism and credibility as the only sure currency in the crowded media scene," says Vision Group Editor-in-Chief BarbaraKaija.
I hv a very big wound on my heart.
Useless is that what he had to say from all that ballad thing  .
President Museveni will be the first to be nominated at 10am,” EC secretary Sam Rwakoojo.
Hope new vision u dont want us to be like nambooze.
If both were equally taught maybe there would be a little difference.
Its now almost a month.
Target will be reached in 20 years to come if 20yrs are not less even.
Irene namubiru said they got off on a smaller boat n left earlier wen they realized the canoe may cupsize maybe let's say one or two remained.
Now a vuvuzela for Zionist occupation?
President Mugabe at #ZanuPFCongress: 'The majority of us are good people.
21St Century Fox announces $14.
The New Vision is with Kisaakye Joan and Ruthie Nassanga Kelis.
how do you evict a man from his own home?
Katosi road project sparks land conflicts in Buikwe.
Where is he located?
A source in the KCCA executive director’s office said they are planning to install modern traffic signals at 31 junctions.
Judge everyone and everything for yourself," Henry James.
Read about the response of the world leaders and the money collected towards the refugee crisis, only in Saturday Vision.
We know that you will always make a way, where there’s no one.
Scarcity of wheat pushes bread prices up.
Bebe COOL Bebe Cool OFFICIAL: Thanks for the prayers,my beautiful wife just delivered a cute little boy.
They relate to his order to detain a judge while in office in January 2012.
Uganda is proud of you".
"As soon as you swallow a refined carb, it starts to spike your blood sugar, which produces excess insulin, a hormone that can be responsible for holding on to fat stores," Hood says.
The New Vision is with Andrew Muwanga.
7 percent in July from 15.
Read full story here;http://bit.
The New Vision is with Alexander Mackay.
So is this what the MP called smiling.
Join us for a comprehensive analysis of today's biggest news stories.
She has a strong voice.
Florence Nabakooza, 30, descended on her husband’s ‘vital organ’, angry that he had denied her sex.
The Ministry of Health has officially declared the end of the Ebola outbreak following the completion of 42 days of the post Ebola Surveillance countdown period.
These are the chartered universities.
Add grenadine and lemon juice.
Now that he can't have her he wants me back.
Get details of this unusual kitchen as KCCA explains its dangers to a city court.
Fighting corruption requires collective efforts and together we can make a difference” - Col.
I want to tell him to be with me because he'll be happiest that way, but don't know whether I should or not.
The team regrouped in preparation for the Olympic qualifiers next month in Johannesburg South Africa where the winner will qualify for the 2016 Olympic Games in Brazil.
Struggling Spain trailing Chile.
Prepared the first Luwombo in the world yet it began from Buganda.
Are now going to die of coldness.
Let us deal with them (Al-Shabaab).
The strikes on Thursday destroyed an air defense artillery system, 14 tanks, three artillery systems, two IS-held buildings and two tactical vehicles, the coalition said in a statement.
See more pictures and details by clicking on the this link;.
I've seen you preach the gospel with my Jaja Canon Eseri Serubibi.
Cook and stir until the shrimp are pink on the outside, and no longer translucent in the center, about 5 minutes.
Today, Dr. Mutyabule is only too glad he did.
The New Vision is with Shira Laxy.
Today, a billionaire, Mukiibi owns the prestigious St. Lawrence Schools and Colleges with six campuses and a university.
They are known for cheating nothing can change that.
Authorities in the Democratic Republic of Congo have ordered that social networks including Facebook and WhatsApp be blocked soon before President Joseph Kabila's mandate expires, three internet providers said Thursday.
Nt only du we haue china phone we olso have china lion hehehe.
The angry workers claim that they earn Sh140, 000 per month and that this meager salary is paid in installments of Sh80, 000 and then Sh50, 000 as opposed to the Sh500, 000 their counterparts who work for big companies like Tullow Oil Plc.
There are several tried and tested approaches to accumulating wealth.
Is your marriage safe?
Fresh graduates without practical skills are burden to employers, the Federation of Uganda Employers (FUE) has said.
Kalinaki says that the Media Council, “Does not have a legal mandate to register journalists since it is not fully constituted as the law requires.
just get a room, and a padlock!
How many presidents do we have?
The chairman of the Electoral Commission of Uganda, Eng.
Just pray it dznt come here but also get ready to beg for aid if it does.
Huh🤔 may be they want us to beg them .
Family members advised us to take them to their real father but my sister and I can’t let go of them.
Last season exploits have been forgotten this soon!
The three level building will comprise 54 rooms, including a laboratory, pharmacy room, counseling and consultation rooms, a nursing station, and admission guest rooms for patients among others, according to the association’s executive director, Ruth Nankanja.
#Doubletroubleug: Battle of the MCs.
from ma experience i have a friend who dropped out of school in S3 and went abroad to work.
We have a special report in today's paper.
Our good leader, God help you.
Beti Olive Kamya is for Rubaga North while Charles Male is in Rubaga South.
Who WILL HEAR MY CRY FOR JUSTICE?
"Our investigators assume that the truck was intentionally steered into the crowd at the Christmas market," police said in a Twitter message about the suspected attack late Monday.
Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) Members of Parliament will face disciplinary actions for voting non-party candidates for the positions of Speaker and Deputy Speaker.
Budadiri East MP,Vicent Woboya thrown out of Parliament.
'Bail is a constitutional right' - Chief Justice Alfonse Owiny-Dollo disagrees with President Museveni 🎙️.
Did you ask for my opinion before invading?
Silence is a bad sign for a relationship.
Mbonye wants to meet all the candidates so that he can prophesy who will be the next President of Uganda come January 14.
Where does the money from uganda House go?
Mark Zuckerberg is yet to respond to the Iranian court summon.
The White House reported that the two presidents had met to discuss conflicts in Sudan and the Great Lakes region.
It is his family.
Romance in a Manyata (housing estate of 50 or more huts) by the Karimojong in north eastern Uganda has evolved from forced submission into sex to requesting the admired one for 'favour'.
Please go with me and manifest yourself in Glory.
It is their time.
Read the New Vision #EPAPER- https://vpg.
The key to long-term success is building client relationships.
Wat akidish party dis waz?
Ivan Kamyuka (33) the human resource manager of Lake Bounty Limited yesterday was produced before Nakawa court Grade One magistrate, Christine Nantege and charged with murder contrary to Section 188 and 124 of the Penal Code Act.
Iam nt on facebooking!
MPs should be going there in the event of an inquiry of a govt procurement that has been mismanaged.
So if you are planning anything criminal this festive season, you better watch out.
This is the secret of success.
10pm; Thursday 3000m SC men's final 7.
Yes they can make it.
Dave Captain why didn't we know about this conference?
Israeli security and FBI personnel are involved in the ongoing operation.
A former student of Makerere University is seeking $18m (sh66b) to set up a plant to manufacture organic tear gas.
Ugly scenes in Parliament as the age limit motion was allowed.
I hope you've return fare.
Military surveillance planes are currently airborne to help police operations".
Uganda’S Nations Cup qualifying opponents Zambia have expressed sadness at the sorry state of the pitch at Namboole Stadium, the venue for the October 13 decisive match.
The Auditor General’s annual reports read like fiction novels.
Today is Visit the Zoo Day!
By the way M7 should go to Luzira prison, visit the inmates and see the ones that need pardon.
The floor of Didi's Hall Grand Imperial Hotel caved in.
Fear means you are growing your comfort zone.
The US still believes the "fully verified denuclearization" of North Korea is possible by the end of President Donald Trump's "first term," a senior official said Thursday, despite warnings a key rocket launch site appears to have resumed operations.
We need to drink plenty of fluids to stop us getting dehydrated the government recommends 6-8 glasses every day.
Bukenya, condoms, drugs, Somalia.
See more at- http://ow.
Trial of Muslim clerics’ murder suspects begins-https://vpg.
Some of our best ideas come in those moments where we’re alone with our own thoughts, able to really reflect on the ideas we have without having something immediate that needs our attention.
THESE DUDES ARE ALLERGIC 2 PEACE.
A nurse who allegedly injected a child with needle knowing she is HIV + has been sentenced to three years in Jail.
General Niyongabo called on soldiers "to stay calm, united and not to give in to any political approaches.
When contacted on the matter, Andrew Nsawotebba, the manager for Test and Fly said, most of the passengers who missed the flight, had tested with Safari laboratory.
- Find out how this will be done and how far the university has gone to achieve this dream.
Citing one talent agent's assertion that Nyong'o's career in Hollywood would last "two-and-half, three years," the actress said she has no time for racist speculations.
👍 NRM top organ endorses lining up in party primaries.
The success rate for these approaches is usually hinged on your mind.
Ugandans Let us say, we where betrayed within Our own country!
At Old Kampala🕌, the late 2nd Deputy PM has been described in glowing terms - as a man who was sincere, a committed servant and one who loved his country🇺🇬.
The New Vision is with Wiley Wiley.
Signal of @VisionGrp's TV @UrbanTVUganda has reached Gulu.
What if the highest bidding rate is encrypted with low currency value?
you've successfully looted everything ugandans could hold to.
The New Vision is in Kampala, Uganda.
A German study concludes that staring at women's breasts for 10 minutes a day is better for your health than going to the gym.
Pioneer buses today started operations in Kampala as taxi operators went on strike over fees.
Spain kills #Ebola victim's dog #Excalibur despite #SaveExcalibur twitter storm.
Arcades should remain closed, the President says.
A man in Kibaale district beat his wife to death in a fit of anger after she refused to have sex with him.
There was drama in Nabuti village in Mukono Central Division when a bride disappeared from her planned wedding after the groom turned up with insufficient bride wealth http://ow.
"Archbishop Emeritus Desmond Tutu was this morning discharged," said a statement by his family.
You can behave in such a manner hoping to impress people, but that process cannot be trusted!
Spread batter into prepared pan.
Get a copy of the Saturday Vision 🗞️—.
Too much congestion in the city, ever considered air drops!
#Business - Firm fined sh5.
Mukiibi was my mentor, says Muyingo.
The New Vision is with Ivan Bagambiire.
Share with us who your HERO is.
Ceasar Acellam Otto, one of the influential Lord's Resistance Army (LRA) commanders captured over the weekend has hailed the army for treating him well since the capture.
How do they survived.
Suddenly, the pupils I sat next to didn’t want to sit with me.
"Un blue helmets found an Italian citizen and a Canadian citizen near Kidal, who had been taken hostage in Burkina territory in 2018,".
British property is a safe haven for money stolen from around the world, with tens of thousands of London properties owned by secretive companies, according to a corruption report.
Abandoned 19th Century Mental Hospital - North #Wales Hospital, Denbigh, Wales.
This is a real life story you should not miss.
Pour sweetened condensed milk over cake.
File your returns by the 30th June.
Luweero is a historical area in Uganda's history, especially in regard to the liberation struggle staged by Museveni and his colleagues way back in the 1980s.
Kivejinja passed away at Mulago National Referral Hospital where he has been admitted for over one month now after he tested positive for COVID-19.
Physical Education (PE) to be examinable at Senior Four.
Did YOU APOLOGIZE TO HER?
Baron takes on a number of difficult forms for middle-grade reading first-person narration, a theme of self-discovery, free-verse poems but he does so with grace.
As part of the activities to mark the Nordic National Day scheduled for Thursday, the competition attracted eight schools.
The New Vision is with Kasirye Simon.
The drugs expired within the stores of the national referral hospital.
What is government’s response?
Whatever the Issues of generals are in my own opinion I still insist that Uganda needs a Paul Kagame.
The New Vision is with Zina Bona and 9 others.
Mazrui's initiatives in Uganda.
Don'T give up on your goals because of the time it will take to achieve, the time will pass anyway.
He was a married man with ten children and loved his children too much.
Well, most of them started with different jobs or interests and amounts of money in the bank.
U hv no authority 2 order him to relinquish office , n infact u don't have authority 2 offer advice.
Police and the army isn't a mockery to ugandans calling urselves Ug Police and Uganda People Defence Force?
The land probe commission is stranded after witnesses defied summons to testify in a complaint regarding a purported 132-acre land grab by Busoga royals in Bulamogi, Kaliro district.
The new application lets people stream from Android-powered gadgets, tapping into cameras to display players' faces in small frames on screens with game play.
Amin Dada went to Zaire to steal gold, so what you expect of Taban?
💰😊👌🏾 CHECK HER OUT 👉🏾.
So we parted ways and the next thing I heard was they were all dead.
Taking Place at Grand Imperial Royal Hotel.
#Uace2019 Stars: Jingo Faroque (BMC) who scored 18 Points celebrating with his teachers: Denis Kalisa and Godfrey Sserwadda.
#Seya en guess this 1 w'l be Seya & Elias Lukwago .
Wasting time and money campaigning all the year around!
Just for touching it he will earned back the price he paid.
"If people are doubting how far you can go, go so far that you can’t hear them anymore".
Beautifully spoken, it's all written in the sky a million miles away for man to see.
How did the awards accumulate to this huge amount.
I have never seen in the world acase of apoorm an judged acordingly u might think its in uganda alone remember in the states the black who wz shoot in the supermaket the police won so countrymen let's just leave every thing 2d creator!
who is your bet and by how many goals?
Did you know there is no single doctor in Namisindwa?
Everyone can do what they want, it is called a DEMOCRACY.
Would you support KCCA, What is your say?
Repeat with remaining wraps.
It was their third national title, having won the first one in 2008.
What did he say after kasese military attack?
If my people, who are called by my name, will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from heaven, and I will forgive their sin and will heal their land.
Should be sacked imm.
The trouble is that ministry of education decided it does not require the input of professional councils yet it is the professional council that registers people not the ministry.
Hundreds of worshipers gathered for a Jerusalem prayer breakfast in Kampala today.
What exactly caused Arua violence?
Ten children with heart problems have undergone free open heart surgeries at Uganda heart institute Mulago.
Today, Babra Adoso runs Asyanut Safaris & Incentives (Tours and Travel Uganda), a multi-million tourism business and is one of only few women with lodges (Ntoroko Game Lodge and Ruhija Gorilla Lodge, Bwindi National Park) in the protected areas.
Join us live at 8:30am on all our TV channels and our Digital Experience app for the ceremony to kick-off a year of celebrations.
The ruling NRM party and the main opposition political parties are in Dar-es-Salaam for talks.
She was sent on remand to Luzira Prison for allegedly murdering her late husband Juvenal Nsenga.
Insanity in the church.
State wants Besigye case transferred to Luzira court-https://vpg.
Swagg is out too.
Grab the New Vision #EPAPER for details - https://vpg.
Brought to you by strength and conditioning coach Dan Lawrence and British boxing champ George Groves, the detailed 10-week programme is designed to improve strength and mobility across all levels.
The fifth annual Joint Sector Review (JSR) of the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Development starts on Thursday and ends on Friday in Kampala.
Makerere University has been closed indefinitely over lectures’ demand of 100% salary increment.
The New Vision is with Patrick Bwango and Okello Jonathan.
This shows unity & hmny plz continue!
Over 170 women groups have benefited from the Community Driven Development (CDD) programmes of Kampala Capital City Authority, (KCCA) the executive director, Jennifer Musisi, has said.
Residents of Kalisizo in Kibinge sub-county, Bukomansimbi district danced in merry as Rehema Nalubega, 30, introduced Sabbuti Katongole, 100.
I would have wanted my money back, so he did care about the ppl who came to support his black azzzzz.
Updf officer, Luwero residents battle over land .
Tourism board encourage Ugandans to tour Ug sites or East African sites than kneeling for visitors from America or else where.
When a man has done what he considers to be his duty to his people and his country, he can rest in peace.
Police officers paying bribes to get UN deployments in Somalia, Sudan.
For oil sincerely it should not be only M7 & co.
He meeting presided over by President Yoweri Museveni was convened to defuse tensions between Rwanda and DR Congo, which have traded accusations of supporting each other's rebels.
Sandra Tayie Gidion, Ugandans we r better than that u 419er.
He won't borrow a leaf!
Through the hashtag #pakasa13, the Pakasa Forum at Kampala Parents School auditorium last Saturday became the highest trending discussion on Twitter in Uganda, breaking new ground on live event social media coverage in the region.
This came as a shock to Mwesige who has represented Bunyangabu in Parliament since 1996.
My vote of thanks to the POLITICIANS in Kenya, you have shown the whole world that what affects KENYA affects all KENYANs including the oposition party leaders.
Legislatively, the future looks bleak for Obama's 2017 fiscal year plan, which covers spending on everything from cybersecurity to cancer research.
Police in Sheema are holding five teachers and 37 pupils of Bugongi preparatory school after being found attending lessons disregarding the presidential directive on Covid-19.
Oxfam and partners Uganda Women's Network (UWONET) launching a new project titled, Women's Economic Empowerment and Care:Phase four-a flagship gender project that seeks to shape public narratives around Unpaid Care and Domestic Work (UCDW) as an economic issue.
#Uganda #Government has given its position on the closure of #Makerere #University after staff went on strike demanding a salary increment of 100%.
Court petitioned over AG office following an incident on September 13 when Patricia Mutesi, a Principal State Attorney(PSA) in the Justice and Constitutional ministry, filed an application for judicial review, querying the appointment of Martin Mwambutsya, a Senior State Attorney.
As we approach the 2016 general elections, media personalities have been tasked to hold candidates of both the opposition and the ruling party National Resistance Movement (NRM) accountable to the promises they make in their manifestos.
Hillary Clinton blames Russian President Vladimir Putin, who had a "personal beef" against her, and a late-hour FBI intervention over her email scandal for her loss to Donald Trump in the US election, a newspaper reported Friday.
Lawyer Nkurunziza will read from the Presidential Elections Act: "A candidate will not do the following while campaigning (.
So you guys (new vision) you want to tell us that your calendar reads backwards!
How I wish speaker first ends behavioural aspects!
Photo by Joseph Balikudembe.
So masjids are still closed?
The President used the occasion to once again express his sincere condolences to the people of Tanzania upon the loss of lives after the tragic accident on Lake.
By Pascal Kwesiga                              President Yoweri Museveni has proudly spoken about his performance as 'Chief Justice' between 1980 to 1986.
Remit your NSSF Uganda contributions across boarders using your Visa Card, MasterCard and American Express enabled cards.
Police has warned that drivers without valid driving licences as well as those nabbed drunk driving will be arrested in order to ensure road safety on Ugandan roads during the festive season.
Mbu schools are soon reopening.
pipo can get other's attention by shooting best movie scenes.
Today Marks one year since Nelson Mandela departed.
But I came to accept myself.
Addressing hundreds of his subjects who weathered a downpour yesterday during the 19th coronation anniversary at Sentema in Wakiso district yesterday, the Kabaka discouraged the forceful demand for the kingdom properties, saying a peaceful approach is the best.
Respective of the families they come from.
The current stability provides that opportunity 👉.
A road accident along Jinja road last evenning.
👌🏽 #ManU fans here in 🇺🇬#UG, you must be enjoying the game.
Warid has been linked with Airtel, Vodafone and Etisalat, among others.
Will shs400 billion cameras improve security?
In my own opinion.
The land probe commission is investigating claims that a land grabbing cartel in Wakiso has resorted to spraying crops with toxic substances in order to chase away bibanja holders.
Bake in preheated oven for 5 minutes on each side.
Rubaga South MP Ken Lukyamuzi today carried out a peaceful demonstration today protesting over Ndeeba- Wankulukuku road in his contituency.
When you think, you remember.
Fresh Look Fresh Content.
Mayende accused of eliminating opponents.
Paris takes drastic measures to curb pollution, barring cars with number plates ending in even numbers.
Rwanda'S parliament was set to open a debate Monday on amending the constitution to let strongman and President Paul Kagame run for a third term in 2017.
All is set for the Kanda Bongo Man show at Sheraton Hotel Kampala.
Three cops arrested over suspect's death in cells.
178 billion to Shs.
#Tomatoes need calcium to achieve their full flavor potential, and calcium is often greatly lacking in our soils.
Vice-President, Jessica Alupo, has opened the Government Annual Performance Review (GAPR) conference with a call to government agencies to use the occasion as a tool to improve efficiency.
He should face the law and be brought to justice.
What do you learn from Shravan’s story?
Burundi was ranked fourth as Rwanda continues to record the best record in fighting corruption.
Every person you meet is a potential door to a new opportunity personally or professionally.
4sectors for jobs Agriculture, industry, services, ICT and government jobs," Says President Museveni.
The New Vision is with Benluk Benluk and Makarius Kashaija.
Dear God, as I contemplate this new day, I ask You to help me.
The Supreme Court in Kenya has unanimously upheld the election victory of Uhuru Kenyatta.
St. Lawrence top Hurriken Group with 19 points.
Women lawyers have condemned the Police over granting a bond to Pakistanis who gang-raped a 23-year old woman saying this has delayed justice.
President Museveni decorates veteran journalist Bbale Francis with a medal during Labor Day celebrations in Gulu.
Its alie if apatient is meant 2 die he or she must die stop blaming doctors better blame God.
He said that less funds were allocated to the procurement of seedlings of other crops such as beans, maize and cassava.
Gen Henry Tumukunde's case mentioning has been adjourned to June 22 after the State informed Court that inquiries into the case are not complete.
"Do not store up for yourselves treasures on earth, where moth and rust destroy, and where thieves break in and steal.
Three soldiers are seen walking out of the Nakumatt supermarket with plastic shopping bags filled with cash.
Oh God what is this?
These could be averted if we took bold steps and enforced them.
Minister of Foreign Affairs Sam Kutesa left flanked by the State Minister for International Cooperation Okello Oryem during a press briefing at the Ministry headquarters in Kampala 3/2/2013.
President Yoweri Museveni has said that NRM has laid a foundation for wealth and job creation by prioritizing expenditure on roads, electricity, education for all, immunization, security and ICT.
Anorexia is a prolonged disorder of eating due to loss of appetite.
The army should stay out of politics.
He became the first president in US history to resign while in office.
The rest depends on the person who decides to join.
Sooma said that the change in design warranting variation in cost, came because of the passenger congestion at the airport to separate arrivals and departure of travellers.
@Rkabushenga: Leadership requires, "Personal discipline, drive to action & people who have looked beyond themselves".
I believe it is a leopard that killed the pigs because if it were to be stray dogs then it would have eaten the carcass," on of the residents stressed.
Emmanuel Katongole is chairperson of NOC.
On of education, high interest rates, high power tariffs ,corruption ,high transportation prices ,battling local fisherman in favor of foreigners under the cover of fighting poor fishing are all not by mistake.
Government is estimated to have lost about sh400bn under free primary and secondary education last year, due to shoddy constructions on top of absenteeism of pupils, teachers and head teachers.
Security CLOSES IN ANOTHER MAGARA RELATIVE.
Soldiers from a nearby barracks who preferred anonymity also approved of seeing a leopard and three cubs in the area.
What would be on the agenda?
While Time Warner is still a major industry force, the loss of viewers translates to lower advertising revenues, raising the prospect of a downward spiral.
We would like to disassociate our self from such rumors,” a statement issued Monday stated.
“It is a regrettable loss to boxing.
The New Vision is with Brian Malinga and 4 others.
Maintain a balanced diet consisting of fruits, vegetables, complex carbohydrates, complete proteins, and healthy fats like fish oils and flaxseeds.
Get yourself a free copy in New Vision for details #EPAPER- https://epaper.
Mtn donates pads to women in COVID-19 isolation centres.
I will organize my house the way I want.
What about the other pages?
Eeeeeh why our mbale?
African Union Commission chairperson Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma will also attend the extraordinary summit of the 11-member regional bloc, as efforts to find a lasting solution to the conflict.
The place where that tall building is in used to be for the grandfather of Debung.
We shall also work with tour operators to encourage tourists from South Africa to make Uganda their choice destinations".
The New Vision is with Drijaru Roselyn and 2 others.
Is the owner and management of the apartments in prison?
The Hippos of #Uganda🇺🇬 have restored their lead against the hosts #Tanzania🇹🇿 in the CECAFA U-20 Challenge Cup final.
Nsibambi heir row: a tale of religion-cultural chauvinism!
Uganda’S national referral health facility Mulago Hospital has made adjustments to the meals it serves its in-patients, with a special diet introduced.
Contracts worth $6m are at stake after the traders failed to meet the desired quality of maize grain.
Haruna Muwanga, a first-year diploma student at the faculty of arts and social sciences, says pipes in the toilets leak, so the floor is always wet and the toilet.
Mugisha would have made us proud.
For a second, there was an uncomfortable silence until his bold aunt broke it: “Tim!
The New Vision is with Ray See Uganda.
Cyrus Maganda 29, Samuel Muzulewa, 26 and Jacob Oyango, 40 were on Thursday granted non cash bail of sh5m and sureties bonded at sh60m not cash at City Hall Court in Kampala.
Despite having an economics background, Kamuntu said, he is up to the task in the justice field, where the law is the order of the day, adding that lawyers should not get worried.
Apply today to be part of the Vision Group Uganda June to August internship intake and gain skills that will grow your career.
Can they arrest that run?
Even if it was true that I was arrested, “would I be the first one to be arrested?
- See more at: http:www.
"It'S a decision they have to make.
Vision Group celebrates our brave men and women whose self-sacrifice, perseverance and endurance has been a pillar in building our beloved country.
Contribution as founding members of the University.
See more at- http://htl.
The three countries share the only remaining population of mountain gorillas estimated at 880 globally.
Thanks all African queens for their tremendous contributions to African communities.
Damalie Busingye turned in match winning performance as she led Jinja SS to the Pepsi Girls’ School Cricket week title in a highly entertaining final at the Lugogo Oval yesterday.
The Mafias who have got money during covid want to buy off some of those buildings, they think some of the individual owners have loans so they want to put pressure on them as they keep closing them.
Her father wanted her to go to university where she had hoped to study medicine.
Read the New Vision for more- https://vpg.
This chick has eaten men, no offence in that though.
When has it ever been stronger in the last 15 years.
Adults enter for free.
Since we moved in, the relationship has been rocky, we seem to be arguing more and he has started to pay less attention to me.
If new vision was the one i had to say it too, then it would be the way to go.
You mean teaching Cambridge kids here = middle income status?
Details in Sunday Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
District bosses come under fire.
Want to get ahead at work?
Move beef to the side of the wok and add broccoli, bell pepper, carrots, green onion, and garlic to the center of the skillet.
You will realise that Opio's account balance is pocket change to even those not in big positions.
You will try hard to put your ideas into operation.
The Government is planning to sub-divide Nakasongola district to create a second constituency.
The proposal being debated at the meeting of the regional group Ecowas is seen as one of the means to guarantee stable democracies.
The New Vision is with Joseph Dembe Ssenvuma.
You'Ve never seen this before!
Flee from hate, mischief and jealousy.
Kyamobgo students accuse the administration of failing to release their faculty allowance for gov’t sponsored students and the delay in releasing exam results while Nkumba students are enraged by a change in the grading system which they say affects them http://see.
She was given a four-year jail sentence in July over fraud.
Kakos said this after Byekwaso grabbed bronze at the INBA Natural Body Building Olympiad in San Diego on Saturday, an addition to an earlier silver he won at the World Championships in Slovakia in June.
Persons with Disabilities (Pwds) have received a total of sh3b from the Disabled People’s Organization of Denmark meant for empowerment programs in selected districts across the country.
Loneliness is often ignored but it can have adverse effects on one’s health.
The ministry of finance says money to pay over 8,000 pensioners has been released.
where do the aggrieved parties run to?
Do you want tips on how to make your gate charm visitors?
45b terminal has 61 unit rental rooms, a 20-bus capacity, sanitary facilities and covers an area of 1.
The New Vision added 25 new photos — with Mbowa Simon PK Zedde and Adam Klag.
But he cannot afford the taxi fare to the city centre, where he is an attendant at a busy phone shop.
, 1500naira if youload400 naira credit or 3000naira if you load750 naira credit…….
You are a wonderful God, full of grace and mercy.
The towering goalkeeper collided with Kenyan striker Benerd Wanyama in the second half of the Cranes opening match and injured his left eye.
Zambians unhappy with security.
Apart 4rm The Rats, We Shall Even Clear Away The Cats!
Kiprotich WINS GOLD: Athletics chief Domenic Otucet confirms that Uganda anthem to be played at Olympics for the first time since 1972, at about 10pm.
The DRC people are sending the right message to the United Nations!
The Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) has banned vendors from operating on pavements, road reserves in the city centre.
Cabinet approves mandatory contributions for national insurance scheme.
Peace must be the next stanza.
'An incredible say hunting in South Africa!
Serious accidents also peaked to 831, followed by March with 805.
Uganda Cranes are battling the Rwanda side at Namboole stadium.
Dont know what i would be without you my boys".
7; Cast all your anxiety on him because he cares for you.
Get a copy of the New Vision for MORE.
The Clerk to Parliament, Adolf Mwesige has stopped the use of Parliament buses and mini-buses for private weddings and funerals following the increased misuse of the fleet.
If it wasn't that I would probably be rotting.
A German newspaper in the northern port city of Hamburg that reprinted Mohammed cartoons from the French satirical paper Charlie Hebdo was the target of an arson attack early Sunday, police said.
Nearly 78% of children said they were sexually abused at school.
There is no provision for it," #ICC Uganda Representative.
To subscribe visit https://epapers.
The New Vision today.
School punishment in Tanzania.
The black-maned lion was shot dead with a powerful bow and arrow in July by US trophy hunter Walter Palmer in a hunt that provoked worldwide outrage.
Mps move to shield their pension.
Surely Somalia should be turned into a pillar of salt.
These offices are there or and created for window dressing !
Former works minister Abraham Byandala, currently in the dock over corruption allegations involving sh165b Mukono-Katosi road scandal, has been named in another road saga — also involving billions.
Motorists accessing the city, Jinja - Kyambogo, traffic is slow but moving.
He'S from Whc district?
The minister of Trade, Industry, and Cooperatives Amelia Kyambadde says the COVID-19 pandemic has come with opportunities in her sector after creating at least 2000 jobs for Ugandans.
Dose it imply I will never get married to a muganda woman because literally this means that all the baganda women are my mothers, sisters and daughters.
It is a wrap for the 64th Commonwealth Parliamentary Conference here in Kampala.
Another person has died of Marburg virus disease in South West Uganda, bringing the toll from the outbreak to four, government officials have revealed.
Such an interesting movie.
Witnesses described how a huge blast shook the Army Public School in the northwestern city of Peshawar and gunmen went from classroom to classroom, shooting children.
So what happens to rukutana?
"Hold on to your faith.
The police in Fort Portal Kabarole has today used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse supporters of Prince David George Kijanagoma who had jammed the streets to welcome him, REPORTS Rogers Sunday.
When we approached the three-month mark, things got really hot.
Russia that has been part of the G-8 summit was boycotted.
The ceremony was held at the University’s main building and Ddumba will hold the position for five years.
Each year in the United States, about 2,000 cases of male breast cancer are diagnosed and about 500 men die from the disease.
President Cyril Ramaphosa receives His Excellency President Kaguta Museveni at the #SADCSaharawiSolidarity Conference, taking place in Pretoria.
One morning we are all going to wake up in Uganda and there won’t be a health worker anywhere to help us.
Is just a wastage of time.
The Police have opened up a case against the Office of the Prime Minister’s permanent secretary, Pius Bigirimana, over the diversion of sh1.
Igp Ochola suspends applications for private firearms.
eh, NSSF Uganda takes 5%(thats understandable coz its my retirement plan), PAYE takes about 10% (also agreed coz we have to contribute to taxes) and now this?
Museveni wants heavy punishment for capital crimes.
These people should surely return our money.
Tiger pair makes debut at Uganda Wildlife Education Centre.
The US claims come at a time of heightened tensions between the two sides, with the US criticising Russia for its alleged involvement in the conflict in Ukraine.
When you are stressed try eating 1 cup of Lowfat yoghurt or 2 tablespoons mixed nuts.
Kaibanda and his Rwandese brothers are going to chase Ugandans out of that land.
You destroyed those countries so enjoy.
“I was shocked when I got the information that Omwonya is dead.
Good news to all Ne-Yo fans that had found it hard getting a ticket to the concert due end of this month; you can now buy a VIP ticket at UGX 120,000 and ordinary at UGX 60,000, but only for a limited number of 5,000 tickets.
The New Vision is with Jessica Gomes Gomess and 36 others.
The New Vision is with Jimmy Wagabaza.
The French government announced earlier this year that it would step up checks of places of worship and associations suspected of spreading radical Islamic propaganda.
As Uganda celebrates her 53rd independence anniversary on October this year, Gayaza High school (GHS) will host the students, parents, old girls and friends to a patriotism cultural gala.
or he wants to join yellow?
While other countries are opting for SGR trains you are waking the dead from the limbo?
Can Uganda really survive without plastics?
In Jesus' name amen.
The First Lady and Minister of Education and Sports, Mrs Janet Museveni, has asked the youth to learn to be adaptable to all situations, especially during the COVID-19 pandemic, when situations are changing globally.
(Details in the #EPAPER via - bit.
Who told you that a monkey will produce a lion?
'We are in the second wave of the COVID-19 pandemic in Uganda, young people are losing lives out there.
He passed on this evening at Mulago National Referral Hospital where he was admitted after he contracted Tetanus.
Stephen Kiprotich' one year-old child is dead.
Dear Lord, You have brought me to the beginning of a new day.
No body says "please call my boss, chairman.
Court sitting in Makindye early this week granted Ugandan musician Pallaso a non-cash bail of sh8m as he faces charges of assault and trespass.
Non-Bagisu are fleeing Mbale for fear of being forcefully circumcised after locals went on a circumcision spree in the Town.
Morocco refused to let them get into the country.
It works because bubbles and foam created from boiling water are filled with steam.
Sc Villa will take a healthy four-goal advantage to Zanzibar in a fortnight after a dominant performance against JKU FC in the first leg of the CAF Confederation Cup first round in Kampala on Saturday.
through the operation at CORSUS.
I don't know wats wrong with Musilims arround da world.
Re-Election at School of Education is on today after the election tribunal discovered that there were anomalies in the electoral process.
Christians arrive for the Martyr’s Day mass at Uganda Martyr’s Shrine Namugongo.
Did they ask questions like the Norway boys did or they just were waiting for the handshake 🤝?
Dp wrangles: Mao, Muwanga agree to cease fire #EPAPER: http://is.
Until recently, farmers who produce raw foods were not directly taxed.
You’Re there to make each other feel like your best selves, so let the genuine praise flow freely.
About 1,800 students at Makerere University have been discontinued for exceeding the stipulated number of years on their courses.
Plz stop bring'g black mambos, the guards has rgts over their payments.
She needs it to restore her left knee, her netball career and part of her life.
Police in Kampala have arrested the newly elected Kawempe North constituency MP, Muhammad Ssegirinya, for carrying out an unlawful protest in Kampala city Monday.
Completes speech in less than 3 minutes.
Debt-Laden Greece's economy suffered a new blow, contracting by 1.
The woman in blue dress is Jamila Nabatanzi is the main suspect".
"From this week, on Wednesdays, Thursdays and Fridays public workers will go back to work until one o'clock in the afternoon, six hours in total," Maduro said in a televised address.
It's not a necessity to creat that ministry !
Non should try to come and we shall have a closer look at the the accomplices if they try enforce.
Why Muslims are not allowed to keep dogs as pets.
President Yoweri Museveni has told the Public Accounts Committee that Businessman Hassan Basajjabalaba must refund all excess funds paid to him fraudulently and that Ministers Makubuya and Syda Bumba must take responsibility for the loss suffered by government in compensation claims fraud.
Within a few seconds, her gold necklace, earrings and watch were gone.
Saudi Arabia approved its 2022 budget on Sunday, projecting a surplus for the first time since oil prices collapsed in 2014.
Career TIP:Focus on professional success before looking for happiness in your career.
Aine was arrested for his in the standoff with the Police in Jinja last week.
John Katumba, one of the presidential candidates, has promised to build a music studio in Kiruhura to tap talent there.
Unresolved land issues have delayed the completion of the sh22.
She'S from self imposed detention.
Don’T misuse the army for private gains, Gen.
<P><Em>Bishop Benon Magezi grew up in a Christian home and attended church regularly with his family.
It is always darkest, before the dawn.
As a child, she was always singing the songs on the radio.
Almost all Busoga’s wetlands have been taken over by thick sugarcane plantations.
Presiding over the International Women’s Day celebrations on Tuesday at Kololo Ceremonial Ground in Kampala, Museveni thanked Ugandans for voting him back to power.
A happy Eid to all Muslims.
Top shots acquire land titles in forest reserves.
For Details read: .
Contestants turn to God for help.
According to a 2008 World Bank funded study, about 10% of upper primary school girls admitted to having sexual relationships.
Check out and like Pakasa Vision.
It'S just head massage and facial scrub, what more do they offer @NewVision?
📹 Hundreds of people in #SouthKorea🇰🇷 have been forming long lines waiting to be tested for #coronavirus as cases reach record highs.
It shows a party bent on learning to improve despite the challenges.
#Insports: Rhinos signs Scot Oluoch.
The alleged non-payment of the polling officials has forced them to use their own money for meals and transport while others have confessed to receiving money from colleagues and aspiring candidates.
Women to be awarded Golden Jubilee medals on International Women’s Day.
In the last 10 months alone, aid workers were roughed up and abducted.
Which year do you think Uganda will be at the FIFA WORLD CUP?
The fight against impunity?
Kenzo, it was alleged, moved out of there posh home in Seguku, Wakiso district and sought refuge at his Makindye-based music studio house in Kampala.
What did amnesty say about bloggers abusing people n misusing the internet?
At his age he still struggles to do everything by himself and for himself.
He also prayed that God blesses Uganda & shuts down everyone who wants to create violence.
One of the theories suggests Iryn was found in possession of contraband drugs while another suggests she fell out with her promoter, a one Kim Ueno.
However, the night I found out (he put it on Facebook) he also cheated on her with another girl.
Lord may my day begin and end with you.
A SHILLING WILL NEVER RECOVER.
Find out how it works.
Photos by Tony Rujuta.
The New Vision is with Nandala Moses and 2 others.
A trailer has overturned, blocking the road.
Share your love story with us in a one minute WhatsApp video here https://wa.
Where'S spirit of nationalism?
“This was a difficult decision to take for Ahmad, but unavoidable due to personal and family reasons,” said MTN group president Sifiso Dabengwa.
12 girls are stranded in Saudi Arabia.
SHE WAS RECENTLY REFUSED A PERMANENT RESIDENT PERMIT THERE, AND SHE CAN'T STAY IN UGANDA FOR HER SAFETY SINCE JANET WAS ONE TIME PLOTTING TO FINISH HER OFF.
The New Vision is with Majok De Bulatiarjok and 2 others.
Uganda'S Dorcus Inzikuru will run in the next one hour.
Entrance is free but pre-registration is required.
Parenting Tip: Always tell the truth.
“Thank you for bringing the rosaries which are going to be our souvenir as we remember the visit of Pope Francis in Uganda.
The New Vision is with Prettie Jerro.
Let's choose to create a better future tomorrow, today.
In the 1990s we used to say:dont blame I didnt vote BJP now we shd say.
Full Details of the Agreement between President Museveni and Kabaka Ronald Mutebi is out in Tomorrow's;Thursday New Vision News Paper.
Omach explained that cassava had become one of the viable commercial crops that the Government is promoting to transform people’s livelihoods.
An updated list of the missing persons from the Red Cross, however, still shows that the whereabouts of 36 people suspected to have been at the mall during the attack remain unknown.
The Minister of Education has directed District Education Officers and Chief Administrative Officers to close school activities in municipalities and city divisions to enable election activities to take shape on Wednesday.
We have the details in today's paper.
Rights groups have condemned the arrests, which started a week ago, urging police not to hold suspects beyond the legal 48-hour limit.
Katongole Omutongole is a presenter on Bukedde TV, programme director and comedian, who was recently named in a defilement scandal.
Govt sets new fees for building plans.
“The sale of the filling-station network and petroleum tank farms in Ukraine to AMIC will help Lukoil optimize its asset structure and distribution-network management system in Eastern Europe, to which we attach great importance seeking to enhance the efficiency of our business in terms of petroleum-product sales," the company’s vice-president, Vadim Vorobyov, said in a press statement on Thursday.
Is that flight to kasese real?
What do you intend to do differently from your predecessor?
Thomas was held for five hours on Friday at Katwe Police Station after he allegedly beat up his new catch, Gloria Kabila.
The Black Stars will now play Ivory Coast in the final on Sunday.
“You cannot arrest a military general like a dog”.
Read full comment in Sunday Vision-https://vpg.
“People shouldn’t be worried that FDC is going to collapse because there is a contest for leadership.
Buganda Road Court has directed Kampala Metropolitan police commander Andrew Felix Kaweesa to arrest Godfrey Nyakana and produce him to court for allegedly defying traffic laws and assaulting a police officer.
Ndejje University Vice-Chancellor Prof.
Layoffs will be spread across the entire San Francisco-based company and will likely include engineers, which account for about half of Twitter's approximately 4,200 employees, according to Re/code.
Uganda Marketers Society | #MarketersFireplace21 | https://lnkd.
Chief Justice Bart Katureebe has expressed discontent with lawyers who convene press conferences and make disparaging remarks about judges.
Kick back, relax, and take time to enjoy all of the hard-earned successes you are having right now.
Through playing, children build the foundation for later learning as they solve problems and increase their understanding of themselves, other people, and the world around them.
~General David Sejusa, Intelligences Services Coordinator, February 2006, while appearing on KFM.
Apply now with Finding XY Entrepreneurship School before the 30th September.
Prostitution is illegal in Tanzania.
Ngwiny cet pa Gamente ki lutela ne ducu.
Now we can relax!
With Allah everything is possible.
Lets be ready for by_election when they'll b away for their trial.
That'S how we sell off our rights small small.
Can Bolt emulate him.
Our laws condone terror.
All you are required to do is submit a 100 word essay on how you have transformed lives as a result of the benefits that you received.
The New Vision is with Wasswa Arafat and 11 others.
Stephen Kiprotich has been reward for his Olympic gold with 200 millions shillings from President Museveni.
Who doesn’t know the story and song about co-wives rolling each other in thorns?
4b supplementary budget to take children off the streets countrywide.
Get the detailed exclusive story in Mwalimu FREE inside the New Vision #EPAPER- https://epaper.
Cranes’ vacant coaching seat has continued to gather interest from a number of several high-profile managers around the world, with the latest attraction expressed by Carlos Dunga.
Mukula was addressing the youth of NRM National Ideology Club at City Royal Hotel in Bugolobi, Nakawa Division in Kampala, as the chief guest.
Atleast in kampala,but here in koboko district feases,nhnhnh i feel i shd return back to kampala.
jacob zuma z the cheif mediator of Burundi issue.
Brazil, Rio de Janeiro : Germany's defender and captain Philipp Lahm (front-R) holds up the World Cup trophy as he celebrates on with his teammates after winning the 2014 FIFA World Cup final football match between Germany and Argentina 1-0 following extra-time at the Maracana Stadium in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on July 13, 2014.
A politically appointed electoral commission can never conduct free and fair elections.
Were will our people get firewood.
Three youth who had been conscripted into the ADF rebel ranks have abandoned the rebellion and handed themselves over to authorities.
The Catholic Church has set up a commission to investigate allegations by Fr Anthony Musaala that some priests had deviated from the oath of celibacy.
With increased cases of fatalities on the roads, the health ministry is planning to finance training programmes for boda boda riders to advance first aid treatment to accident victims.
Last evening grief and shock engulfed residents of Nombe 2B village in Kashare sub-county Kashari county in Mbarara district when a woman only identified as Lydia Kyomuhangi, 65 hacked members of her family to death.
The New Vision is with Michael Mutebutsi Nyarambe Jésus.
Details in New Vision #EPAPER - https://vpg.
Cabinet okays closed doors for unvaccinated.
The New Vision is with Aine Nyeusi and Sserugga Charles.
Ex-Iso employees demand sh16.
After the partial lifting of the lockdown, one wonders where he or they can go relax, sightsee, and learn more.
Singer R. Kelly was released from jail Saturday after paying child support following a previous detention on sex abuse charges.
"This is strange because there was no trace of blood in the sty yet the pigs had big wounds.
Mobile Money outlets are concentrated around the urban areas, and roadsides as opposed to the rural areas that are already underserved by financial services, new data has revealed.
If one is not there, it is not good to go ahead, because it goes against the rules of unity of East Africa,” the President said while addressing journalists at the.
The man pictured driving a shot is Dries Mertens.
President Yoweri Museveni is in the Republic of South Sudanese capital of Juba where he joined other leaders to mark the country’s independence anniversary celebrations.
How can a mere policeman arrest a General?
The New Vision is with Sandra Kyambadde.
Kaizer Chiefs believe the arrival of Ugandan midfielder Sula Matovu will strengthen their ABSA Premiership title credentials next season.
The musician denied reports that she had abandoned her husband, Abasi Mubiru, soon after the wedding.
It stated that many locals believe such acts bring wealth and power.
Ugandans must stop fighting and killing themselves because of land instead fight the bad government then the land law will favor all Ugandans.
The State Minister of Finance for Investment and Privatization, @HonAniteEvelyn has assured President that UDB officials have been asked to explain claims that they frustrate investors and should they fail, they will be sacked.
The New Vision is with Karamare Prosper Karamex.
Dear God, help me remember that I belong to You.
The crackdown on illegal power connections in the area lasted five hours.
Does it cost that much?
Does it mean that one group of thieves will take over the assets of another group of thieves?
The latest sports news updates, and comprehensive analysis.
They are four points clear at the top of the table.
If your date does bring up the subject, try to keep answers short (without appearing suspicious).
Former President George H. W. Bush is dead at the age of 94.
President #Museveni on whether he'll seek another term while in a BBC interview: "That's for the party to decide.
Uganda votes: Borders points remain open http://ow.
The New Vision is with Sunday Young and 2 others.
No bank Statements Needed.
Get the #EPAPER https://t.
Former vice president Prof.
Tired of running let me do my punishment so i live freely: David will care".
Subscribe to the e-paper here: http://epapers.
What were your observations?
The Minister for Works and Transport, Gen.
Walusimbi (former Katikirro), Ruhakana Rugunda, Prof.
Why is it alwayz about deals.
The Office of the Prime Minister (OPM) has said it exceeded the food distribution target during last year’s Covid-19 lockdown.
Iam Tomas ,i witheness wht isee so i dont think whether he will come.
This thing of intimidation and the common "orders from above" need to be interrogated further; why don't people use the powers upon their offices to defy intimidation and unlawful orders?
The helpline wld be ok if it isn't just a data collection tool.
Keep de news flowing!
Wish you all the best of luck and will be delighted to meet you all here soon.
there4 don't blame so much be knowing his understanding.
<P><Em>Traffic and Road Safety Directorate Spokesperson Faridah Nampiima confirmed the incident noting that six passengers, yet to be identified, were severely injured and were rushed to Jinja hospital for treatment.
we might be sitting on a big thing waiting to happen!
Speaker of parliament Rebecca Kadaga on Tuesday blocked a motion seeking to stop the approval of newly appointed ministers that went underway yesterday.
Inzzi, Kipsiro and team arrive for London 2012 two days before action starts.
For a 1,000 yen ($8), the burger comes with a drink.
Only in Uganda and Rwanda, where criminals sentence the innocent!
They'Ll soon pay for all this.
Stealing a phone katoki for 80k,what will happen to tax payers money?
A file photo taken on July 11, 2010 shows South Africa's former President Nelson Mandela waving as he arrives to attend the 2010 World Cup football final Netherlands vs.
Does fdc have its own people?
Former minister, Isaac Musumba, Igara east MP, Michael Mawanda and businessman Mathias Magoola have hired lawyers to handle their case in India.
Sadly, this is going to happen again and again!
They should ask for city status, use next election as bait.
A row has erupted over money between kickboxer Moses Golola and his promoter Patrick Kanyomozi and manager Abbey Rafsanjani.
"We need to deal with rising carbon emissions.
where were ur journalists?
“When people leave offices, they go to bars & drink beer, whiskey & other alcoholic substances.
Register and ENJOY a variety of our games.
So ladies what would you like your man to do for you today?
Out of 529 MPs, only about over 200 MPs attended the State of the Nation Address sitting which lasted over an hour.
Two Chinese military planes flew out to the search area, around 2,500 km (1,550 miles) south-west of Australian city Perth, on Monday morning, while two Japanese P-3 Orion aircraft were to set off later in the day.
At least seven civilians have been killed and eight wounded by shelling in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi, a hospital official said on Saturday.
The New Vision is with Da Boom Kast.
“Thank you Police Fire Brigade for your fast reaction and nipping the fire in the bud.
That'S is the number of registered voters, it does not mean they are all casting their vote.
Intelligence Services Coordinator, Gen.
We want WC, AFCON & CHAN.
Nyakairima Aronda as Minister for Internal Affairs.
Uganda@50 Rain blesses Golden Jubilee celebrations at Kololo as veteran playwright Alex Mukulu takes country through Ugandan History in a play.
Please look into the misuse of chemical fertilisers, it's usually one of the main reasons, for the over fertilising, algae explosions and dead bottoms.
The car to take medalists to the stadium is waiting with Kiprotich already in his place, but Kenyan medalists nowhere to be seen.
Abiriga has also been described as one who has been a uniting factor in parliament.
Where do they test from in kamapala i want to go anf test .
If so, you’ll be disappointed to know that, during times of mass building you do not want to do large amounts of cardio”.
- Also find out how to get rid of bad odour in your house.
Omicron has become the dominant coronavirus variant in the Netherlands, the public health agency said, warning of increased hospital admissions.
Kwesiga is said to have been fleecing the public of their money claiming that he is a State House aide working with Lucy Nakyobe, the State House financial controller.
Dear God, today, help me to keep my heart pure and undivided.
Who facilitated Sudhir in the irregular transaction?
⛪ ✝️ Watch the moment Archbishop Desmond Tutu's body arrived at St. George’s Cathedral in Cape Town on Thursday for public viewing.
Find his story in Friday Pakasa pullout in the New Vision.
A draw at the Stade de Kegue wouldn’t be bad either but considering.
Public debt, which was at 41% (sh49 trillion) in February last year, has been on a sharp rise, and by February this year, it was at 49.
25 and Tuesday Oct.
Ldu personnel jailed 60 years for killing colleague -.
RIP" Uganda Police Force.
Every time I ignored this was a hard one for us!
-Lawyers to advise after studying late professor's will.
Did you know leprosy victims cannot get National IDs?
If you are running low on battery, put your phone in airplane mode it wil charge faster.
The World Bank hosted high profile guests to a breakfast to celebrate 50 years of partnership with Uganda government, at Serena Conference Centre in Kampala, December.
Read the New Vision to get details on how the government plans to do this.
January 01, 2021: Bunyoro-Kitara Kingdom protested a move by the lands ministry to cancel a title issued on land alleged to be part of Bugoma Forest Reserve in Kikuube district.
Parliament has approved over sh400b to repair health facilities.
, ie the healthworkers, the community and the government to help in Saving our mothers.
Uganda’s finance minister, Matia Kasaija, will present his maiden budget speech to Parliament.
Police Spokesperson Fred Enanga told New Vision, that over the weekend, they got information about luggage that had been intercepted by Dubai authorities from a Ugandan woman only identified as Shaniz Kartel.
Good Xmas gift !
- What employers say about your university's graduates?
Kaweesi MURDER: MORE BOSSES PROBED .
She had seemed absent-minded and was clearly caught unawares.
Return mixture to a boil, reduce heat to medium-low, cover pot, and simmer mixture until for 5 minutes.
A study published, recently, in the Science Translational Medicine shows that mothers who stop breastfeeding abruptly have higher levels of HIV than those who continue breastfeeding.
Sincerely it high time africacan to acknoledge their powerz all over the world why should we fear?
He claimed she is a distant cousin, but I think I know all his cousins.
The New Vision is with Bwambale Brian Malyombo.
Democratic Party (DP) president Norbert Mao has blamed former Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) president Dr Kizza Besigye for the failure of the now defunct Inter-Party Coalition (IPC) to unite all opposition leaders and parties against the National Resistance Movement in the 2011 general elections.
It's all about the 4x100m now, to have some fun and go out there and do our best".
5m from Celtic in July 2013, is undergoing a medical with the White Hart Lane club.
📄✍️ Read the MATCH REPORT here 👉🏽.
#Technology: Google’s Project Link connects Kampala, Uganda at modern Internet speeds.
In her budget, Finance minister Maria Kiwanuka said Government proposes to introduce VAT of 18% on water.
The East African Legislative Assembly (EALA) has contributed Shs14.
Sciences or Humanities, where should gov't invest?
😋 Now, a goal would make this meal more delicious, yes?
Today is National Miners Day!
Two suspects in the murder of New Vision journalist Thomas Pere have been set free due to lack of evidence linking them to the crime.
She turns the idea into a marketable product or service using the resources at hand and then grows it to the level where they require external financing to expand.
The Bishop of Ankole Diocese, Rt.
The fallout from the Missouri grand jury’s decision to acquit the officer accused of killing Michael Brown.
Should students be allowed to have phones at school?
You will certainly have an amorous adventure, you will travel to see your heart's choice, you will be in a good mood.
#Inthenewvision: The Government will start offering free land registration and free search for land titles.
"As the country awaits the Supreme Court ruling which is due this Easter Weekend, I call upon all of us to accept the ruling and maintain peace," he said in his Easter message to Kenyans.
Britain has warned the European Union against halting exports of AstraZeneca's Covid-19 vaccines.
his a hero .
Agriculture contributes to 76% of Uganda's economy and women make up 88% of the agriculture labour force yet still, many do not control the earnings.
If I had given birth to one child, he could be in position to look after me and the new-born baby,” Kemigisha said.
This means there is money whose owners are not know.
The Minister of Tourism and antiquities, Maria Mutagamba has signed a regional agreement to promote gorilla conservation in three countries namely Uganda, Rwanda and DR Congo.
Real Madrid reached their first Champions League final for 12 years with an historic 4-0 win at Bayern Munich in Tuesday's semi-final, second leg to knock the holders out.
Too much can cause nausea, vomiting and diarrhea, but the main concern is arrhythmias, which can be fatal".
Theme: “Building a Community with a shared future for Uganda and China”.
some countries like our have had that system working well over 55 years by now!
Dr Congo crisis deepens as President Felix Tshisekedi moves to sack the entire government.
Let's be realistic, men also get abused too.
congs mr netanyahu yo the best leader in the whole world.
It was alleged that when the taxi reached Nakivubo Mews, the taxi operators tried to wake up Apangu to pay the fares, only to realize that he was dead.
But as for me I see it as madness.
Pope Francis: Presidential candidates issue welcome notes.
Should ghost workers fight be shifted to the districts?
“The pain shoved me into a new reality,” Brohi writes.
An #Israeli soldier carries a barrel alongside several Merkava tanks stationed in a deployment training area in the Israeli-annexed Golan Heights near the border with Syria on Wednesday.
It took time for many tourists at the Uganda Wild life Education Centre (UWEC) to notice what had happened at the lion's confine.
The devices are meant to boost the country’s response to Covid-19 and provide life-saving oxygen to Covid-19 patients.
why not wit such a tender voice?
The Pope Representative Michael Blume assisted by Archbishop of Kampala Diocese Cyprian Lwanga celebrated mass.
Magara murder: How should court proceed without the main suspect?
Mps investigate authenticity of controversial BOU pens.
Just waiting for Ms White, this gu-guy is unknown.
Romney calls Obama, concedes defeat in US election 2012.
Do you mean that, Hillary Clinton under curse of climate change to win 2016 election?
The one who caused Entebbe road closure.
Uganda Revenue Authority (URA) has closed down Nakivubo stadium for failure to pay taxes to a tune of sh385m.
He connected potential car spare parts clients to dealers at Nabugabo Road for a commission.
The fans are in full voice!
Dubbed the Equator Event, the October 24 to 25 competition, will have participants contesting in various age categories.
Mbabazi himself had possed many questions before joining , but they convinced him.
Some vying for the Democratic presidential nomination are loud and proud about their friendship with him.
Local chicken is a viable business that many Ugandan farmers have ignored because of a perception that they take longer to mature.
The New Vision is with Abubakar Wasike.
"Judging from the crowds presidential candidates pulled on their first campaign trajectory yesterday, there is every indication to suggest that the 2016 presidential race is a three-horse race among Mbabazi, Museveni, and Besigye".
Legislators on the budget committee have asked Government to take advantage of the massive windfall realized by sports betting companies and double their taxes of 20% of the total funds realised, after paying off the winners in order to increase on tax revenue collections.
Abdul Kibuuka, the Tullow Uganda head of human resource, said local firms should partner with foreign training institutions to enable the country develop a critical mass of skilled personnel for the oil and gas industry.
However,you cannot blame them, but the education system, which only equips learners with theories and no practical skills”.
Ugandan scientists have carried out the world’s first robust research about a drug that will reduce maternal death.
Are the dead-bodies edible?
The idea of living in Kampala, with its compelling images of corporate jobs and pleasant shopping malls, has always seemed to be somehow at odds with the reality that most Kampala residents wake up to every morning.
What can we do for our father, is he normal to do what he does at 72 years?
There’S this word, ‘sowing,’ ever heard of it?
Then Check out a fully packaged 'UNIVERSITY GUIDE' with loads of Information you need to Know.
Mujumba, whose parents died early in life, was forced to drop out of school as early as P6 to fend for himself.
In Uganda it would be good if we adopted aerial patrols backed quick response teams on ground.
Lets go forward technologists.
Find out what's making news in your copy of Sunday Vision or subscribe to our online paper here: #Epaper: bit.
Yesterday I saw animals just outside the hotel compound.
The AU Mission in Somalia (AMISOM) fighting the Al-shabaab extremists has become a victim of its own success.
a total loss !
Has our NSSF money been drained as well?
Very good, what about leadership and corruption tip?
Good enough she has a job.
<P>A delegation from the Ministry led by the Commissioner Physical Education and Sports Omara Apita Apita, and Smith Kiiza Semu the Surveyor, Construction Management Unit-Ministry of Education and Sports visited the site on Wednesday.
Join the discussion on 14th September at the Kampala Serena Hotel- Katonga hall.
With deep sympathy may the lord comfort the broken hearts of those who fell victims of the bloodbaths.
The National Integrity Survey has again ranked the Uganda Police Force as the most corrupt institution in Uganda.
John Tuhimbisibwe, commissioner for renewable energy at the energy ministry, said biogas will substitute the firewood consumption in schools and institutions.
Have you been at Lake Kyaninga in Fort Portal?
he seems to tell the players.
The muscled and flat-chested Sheila Chepngetich led from the start of the two-lap race to finish in a time of 2:07:14.
Mario Balotelli Meets the Pope.
The Entebbe Dairy Training school is going to be upgraded to the National Dairy Training and Incubation Centre to offer accredited milk programs.
Do you have big dreams for the future?
We have a report in CSI.
Amuriat said that Anywar used to walk with them but she turned her back on the FDC, the party that made her.
Let the truth sets him free or convicts him .
Was salary increase for public servants way overdue?
Girls' 15th birthday parties are often a huge affair in Latin America, when families pull out all the stops to welcome them to womanhood.
M7 came to power by war, and I have never heard him talk like a parent.
5m for the damage caused at Centenary Park during a demolition exercise last year on September 27.
I Run To Reduce On My Weight But I Find MySelf Increasing Day By Day.
Photos BY MOSES LEMISA.
Obama lambasted the billionaire's policy proposals, particularly his promise to dismantle most of the U.S. Dodd-Frank financial regulations.
That means the Pope is here in the Pearl of Africa.
How long has she been there, and what is her fate now?
Cross border movement remains suspended.
This year’s global theme “Think Equal, Build Smart, Innovate for Change” has been localized by the Ministry of Gender, Labour and Social Development to Empowering Women through Innovative Approaches to Social Protection: A Pre-requisite for Inclusive and Sustainable Development”.
This follows a recent report by the ministry of health which showed an increase in Uganda's HIV/AIDS prevalence rate from 6.
Banks, trade, and even air transport are at risk of terrorism, sabotage and bullying," Rugunda said.
The first suspects will start appearing in court on Wednesday, Dar es Salaam's deputy police commissioner told the BBC.
Fire guts Royal foam factory in Kyambogo.
The New Vision is with Mukiibi CGwills Corban.
Put in mind that not all Ugandans are tired just like you, what you're going through or challenges you're face in not faced by all Ugandans, if you tired just leave Uganda and try elsewhere, or go to hell.
Marxias Nantaba, a resident of Ggulu ward in Mukono town, was allegedly murdered by her husband in March 2015.
Moses Kipsiro comes home in 27:39.
For workers, the days of having several options in which to save for retirement other than just NSSF are drawing closer.
South Sudan's president and rebel chief signed a ceasefire deal Friday vowing to end nearly five months of civil war, under international pressure to stem bloodshed and avert famine and genocide.
Former #Syrian Defense Minister Gen.
The International Criminal Court has dismissed an attempt by the Kenyan government to stop an ICC probe into Kenya's post-election violence.
the game is not over we shall c RIP TEACHER we pray that GOD forgive u what went wrong!
Preliminary results of Wednesday's poll will emerge throughout the day, with an official winner declared on Saturday.
I could advise u not t fight back bt seat down and draft the measures of winning back customer bse the customers needs quality services at affordable prices.
There isn't anything like brotherhood at this time.
The ban will last a year, starting August 7.
What'S the cause of all those petitions, can't you get a vaccine to cure it?
And we pray one night a month and they raise hullabaloos.
Why do we alwayz lose da best en store da worst.
Another thing, leaders play a big role in elections: quiet or not; contesting or not -) just watch.
When Zuma visited Abuja last week, Buhari set aside diplomacy and accused one of South Africa's largest companies of failing the country in its fight against the Boko Haram insurgency.
This headline is misleading.
R why African Presidential contestants are never in acceptance of vote outcomes.
3m euros, £990,000) the Confederation of African Football (CAF) said.
As such, Counsel Byenkya asks the Supreme Court to uphold the principle of precedence.
After the lockdown was partially lifted, poultry farmers are seeing a positive trend in the industry.
New Vision, please be sensitive to your country's image.
Meanwhile, Uganda Cranes fans who are stranded in Morocco will  be deported in the next two hours.
Sabiiti is now a commander in the Special Forces Group formerly Presidential Guard Brigade.
He has also asked Muslims to truly obey Allah like our forefather Ibrahim did when he was about to sacrifice his son.
School resumption is possible even here in Uganda.
The Deputy Speaker, Jacob Oulanyah, has complained about the way the Speaker Rebecca Kadaga, treated him during a recent debate on a motion against President Yoweri Museveni.
Find details in the New Vision- https://vpg.
“I have already been offered free parking space for the car by my fans in Bunamwaya,” he said of the top prize of a Toyota Mark II Grande that is at stake for the winner.
Custodian BOARD: DEADLINE OUT FOR TENANTS,BUYERS.
Check out and like Pakasa Vision to find out how.
eg How can Kabale university lack a Radiology department &a Radiologist?
#Opinion What is so fancy about abortion?
"Attack" pops up again in Government owned paper as the faithfull savage and shred each other.
Moses Ndiema Kipsiro and Dorcus Inzikuru get a chance tonight to make up for their 2012 Olympic disappointment when they run at the Samsung Diamond League series finals in Zurich.
#2021Recap: President Museveni launches first standalone children’s surgical hospital in Entebbe bit.
President Yoweri Museveni excites mother of twins.
The Uganda Hotel Owners Association (UHOA) has signed a deal with Jovago Uganda, an international hotel booking website expected to increase Uganda’s visibility as a business and leisure destination in the region.
Is Stecia Mayanja’s marriage in trouble?
"But know this, that in the last days critical times hard to deal with will be here.
Its Just 2 days away to our Sister product's line Bukedde's Embuutu Y'embuutiikizi.
Here are the aggregate score results from the first set of matches played on Thursday in the Round of 32.
Were we've fallen short, please pardon us.
but as i speak now.
Change is inevitable but it is a task of a thinking man to judge either the change is worth the risk.
Speaker of Parliament Rebecca Kadaga has summoned Prime Minister Dr Ruhakana Rugunda to explain the reopening of schools.
A snippet of what you're missing at the #BGExpo2017.
All the same we shall board we are used to being cheated here on earth.
President Yoweri Museveni has announced plans to transform northern Uganda into the country's industrial hub to accelerate development in the region that is recovering from the 20-year Lord's Resistance Army (LRA) insurgency.
Libya'S parliament has called for foreign intervention to protect civilians from deadly clashes between rival militia groups.
From AS LOW AS 90M WITH FLEXIBLE PAYMENT PLAN OF UP TO 5 YEARS.
Why can't the govnt instead invest more in sports?
It is a common perception that the overwhelming majority of Ugandans in the United Kingdom (UK) survive by doing odd jobs (kyeyo).
Ura and, RippleNami Uganda have kickstarted the Rental Tax Compliance System, promising a win-win for Government and taxpayers.
Police said the Isuzu truck with registration number UAW 080L was carrying crates of beer.
The problem, every body thinks and perhaps the new vision thinks the same that the best teacher makes students pass, in my view it is partly correct I believe a good teacher touches achild's spirit and makes a child believe their is a future besides getting grades.
"Now, I change my mind all the time on all sorts of issues," the 23-year-old student says in a cafe near the site of the first attack on satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo, where flowers, cartoons and messages form a makeshift shrine.
If i may ask :The one they knock and the one who knocks who gets more injuries or wounds, .
Grab your copy of the Sunday Vision for all the New Year's scoop and more-https://vpg.
How is this represented within different political systems?
The percentage increase is higher among women than men according to the report by the ministry of health.
We have planned a fun-packed day for twins, triplets, quadruplets and their families at Namboole stadium.
Details of the interview here:.
The New Vision is with Chris Aine and Afan Mc.
Who do you think will take it?
He cooks when mum or the maid is away.
Will the deployment of UPDF in Congo deal a final blow to ADF and its operations in Uganda?
35 years in Jail because he atleast made peace with the victim's family.
It's got to the stage where I won't go out as a couple as I come home feeling so dejected.
The road that connects the Northern provinces to the rest #Mozambique has been cut off by flooding.
It is providing jobs to over 3,000 Ugandans directly and indirectly.
I see a church without centenary bank, corruption all over the place.
Nrm caucus approves age limit removal.
And the Police have assured them of maximum security as they walk slowly to Namugongo.
The elections are being held in Mandela National Stadium Namboole.
Xenophobic attacks in South Africa have sparked off reactions from various countries.
Entrance fee is sh10,000 per person.
Mulindwa said: “let me take this chance to thank Vision Group and Archbishop of Kampala Dr. Cyprian Kizito Lwanga for the work they are doing to see that the renovation of the martyrs’ shrines is done”.
The Chelsea manager can take confidence from a positive record in meetings with Liverpool.
He performed it well until the military coup of 1971 when President Idi Amin removed him.
Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) has started a five- day program to celebrate sanitation week in the city and the World Water Day in Kampala.
Lecturers & non-teaching staff at Kyambogo University are to receive a pay-rise higher than their counterparts at Makerere & other public universities.
New York police on Thursday arrested a man holding a shotgun outside the United Nations headquarters after a tense stand-off in which roads around the venue were cordoned off.
Fred Mugisha formerly in charge of AMISOM peace keeping group is the new Joint Chief of Staff while Brigadier Angina has been promoted to Maj Gen and appointed Chief of Staff Land Forces.
Here'S something to think about the next time you put a cigarette to your lips: The skin around those lips is going to look older, faster.
According to a UN provisional toll, 19 people were killed and 45 hurt in the violence.
Twenty-Four-Year-Old Aishwarya of Indian origin was walking on Kampala Road towards her husband’s shop on King Fahad Plaza.
The cultural preservations housed kings Walugembe Mutesa I, Basamula Mwanga, Daudi Chwa and Edward Mutesa II.
The New Vision is with Koma Lydia.
Here is why you should be at the #TOTOFestivalUG.
Hosted by Speaker Rebecca Kadaga, the inaugural thanksgiving celebration has corporate families, clients, employees, loyal patrons and friends to a grand dinner.
We have an exclusive report in The Sunday Vision.
Check in the supermarkets, and shops here in wakiso!
He adds that the process of nomination by the Electoral Commission was topsy-turvy .
I love my husband, and I have nothing against my mother-in -law but she does not seem to know boundaries.
Staff of Standard Chartered Bank led by SME banking manager, Godfrey Sebaana hand over goods that included clothes, sugar, milk and paint to the executive director of Malaika babies home, Mengo,Tracy Kyagulanyi during tour of the home by the staff of the bank on Friday.
The New Vision is with Andybecks Omukabwe and Shami Nakigozi.
I wish him all the best!
Namboole needs people who are exposed not politics oh my foot!
Amidst the insurgency in northern Uganda, he tirelessly made sure he placed us in a boarding school in central Uganda.
The New Vision is with Barbara Kaija.
The infiltrators posted a message saying Dmitry Medvedev had resigned.
The mega merger would combine Dell, whose core global personal computer business is facing declining PC demand, with EMC's strength in enterprise storage.
Who will muster a breakthrough?
The theatre repair that cost over shs40 million was by Amref Health Africa with support from Netherlands Ministry of Foreign Affairs under their "Staying Alive Project" which is aimed at promoting fistula care and prevention, post abortal care, and family planning in poor areas.
🌒🛵 In the new measures announced by President @KagutaMuseveni, curfew will be lifted for everyone but boda boda riders, who will have to continue observing the 7pm-5:30am curfew.
FDC and Uganda is bigger than Me.
But that cover page!
One of the three suspects who pleaded guilty in the 2010 murder of 18-month-old baby Kham Kakama has been handed a 60yr prison sentence.
What are your Predictions?
Statement FROM Yoweri Kaguta to Barrack Obama on #homosexuality.
So make a list of all your exercise-loving friends, then see who fits this criteria, says Andrew Kastor, an ASICS running coach: Can your pal meet to exercise on a regular basis?
Two Bombardier planes will be delivered to Uganda after Government “urgently” deposits sh280b, which is part of the sh1.
Seriously why would you applaud the very person who collapse the liner reviving it.
Was it prudent to conclude the Uganda Premier League prematurely?
Get your E-Copy HERE http://epaper.
S. So you need to check on ur wife's behavours.
Responding to a question during a news conference, Bukenya said: “I am a professor of medicine and I am supposed to gesture while stressing a point.
Detectives from the office of Inspector General of Government (IGG) Friday afternoon arrested several members of the Kyambogo University Council, the institution’s top governing organ.
“Hope is like the sun, which, as we journey toward it, casts the shadow of our burden behind us”.
Sexist attitudes are "rife" in school textbooks used in developing countries, according to UNESCO.
The meeting between heads of the two major Christian churches would be an unprecedented move to mend a millennium-long rift between the Western and Eastern branches of the religion, which started with the Great Schism of 1054.
Uganda'S Parliament has commended Rotarians for providing crucial services to vulnerable people in the country and around the globe, as Rotary International president Shekhar Mehta visits.
Wether m7/nrm with their families like it or not.
Arly planting and spraying.
A leader that has brought that country to order even when it was deemed a failed state.
Please help me move beyond the hurdles that trip me up and give me the strength and wisdom to look up and see the hope I run towards in Jesus' name, Amen.
,there is time 4 everything and season for every activities under the heaven.
Land surveying is the science and art of determining the dimensions and contours of the earth surface, using measurements of distance, direction and elevation.
Only on our Digital app, we bring you the evolution of Sanyu FM.
I hear they want the case to be heard in a Nigerian Court were they can bribe every one,let the case be heard in London period and they should clean up the mess immediately!
he instead became a disgrace to us, many have died because of him, how many more?
9 hit the coast of Japan causing massive amounts of damage and dangerous tsunamis, making it the most powerful earthquake in Japan in recorded history.
Kitende dominated the first half but couldn’t find a way past the stoic Zana defence.
Does who are wise remains with wisdom therefore, invension is widely growing but to some levels turning human life to risks.
Subscribe to the New Vision e-paper for a month to enjoy big stories and stand a chance to win a smartphone, data or a free subscription.
He was detained at Central Police Station (CPS).
126,000 youth involved in agribusiness in Northern Uganda districts of Lira, Abim, Kaboong and Agago are to get a financial boost through low-interest rate loans, financial literacy training in the programme dubbed “Dynamic”.
What do you think is the leading cause of accidents in Uganda?
This comes after an attack on Buganda Road Court Grade one Magistrate Gladys Kamasanyu.
Can a foreign news paper report the way u did it?
Kayihura FORGOT HIS JOB-MUSEVENI.
Peter Ssenyonjo, Sadat Kyambadde and Hood Kaweesa netted for Police while William Wadri grabbed a consolation for Vipers.
That is how Kigundu of Green land bank died miserably.
Singer Stecia Mayanja, who got married last month, has refuted claims that her marriage is on the rocks.
So begins Pride and Prejudice, Jane Austen’s witty comedy of manners one of the most popular novels of all time that features splendidly civilized sparring between the proud Mr. Darcy and the prejudiced Elizabeth Bennet as they play out their spirited courtship in a series of eighteenth-century drawing-room intrigues.
Experience FREE 4G internet at all Vodafone Retail stores from 4pm to 8 pm.
Paul Kagame expected me to side with him, even when he publicly behaved in a condescending and overbearing manner against the president.
Uganda'S netball side She Cranes put up a determined performance against New Zealand in their opening game in Australia.
What are some of the issues you would have loved included in the speech?
Track Heats for 800m start.
Photo: President Kaguta Museveni with the Gangsters.
The colorful ceremony graced by Papal Nuncio to Uganda, Archbishop Michael August Blume, Cardinal Emmanuel Wamala, Archbishop of Kampala Archdiocese, Dr Cyprian Kizito Lwanga, auxiliary bishop of Kampala, Christopher Kakooza, several priests, nuns, religious brothers and many Christians from the island, to solemnly recall and remember the moment the missionaries set foot on Ugandan soil and also the moment they arrived in the Kingdom of Buganda.
This wasn’t the first time.
We'Re increasingly insecure in UG.
Are we seeing the end of taxis in Kampala?
Environmentalists have expressed a lot of concern over the high melting rate of the glaciers atop the Rwenzori Mountains.
Frustrating those who fight corruption.
If billions can be found for personal campaign, Ugandans expect that sum to be available for health services too.
29-Year-Old Patrick Ssentongo holds a master's degree in human resource management from the University of West Minister, London, UK.
361 trillion budget - See more at:.
Farmers have been advised to taste their products before they place them on the market.
Police, however, barred journalists from entering the court room for the hearing.
Judge Paul Mugamba has pushed the trial of three ministers facing charges of causing a financial loss to Government to November 1, following prosecution's failure to procure witnesses.
Embattled Boda-boda 2010 patron Abdallah Kitatta has been denied bail for the second time.
WE PRAY OUR WARMTH AND FRIENDSHIP ONLY GROWS.
What is trending on yours?
Have a blessed day.
This is not the time for grand standing.
Are loopholes in Uganda's legal system leading children into a trap?
for He is the father of the fatherless.
Kenya'S deputy Prime Minister Uhuru Kenyatta talking to Uganda's High Commissioner to Kenya, Angelina Wapakhabulo, at Nairobi Hospital on the morning of March 4, 2013.
Haven'T watched the serie 4 while!
But surely measles outbreaks in uganda!
Makerere University to host and honour Olympic Marathon Gold champion Stephen Kiprotich this afternoon.
Those are greedy hyenas hiding in church but thinking about huge bank accounts .
The temple has over 1,800 dedicated devotees.
The New Vision is with Twekambe Mulox Berunga and 2 others.
Details in the New Vision 👉 #EPAPER: http://is.
But The New Vision you have never supported any dev't in this country apart frim ceeating haterade among ugandans.
Following the expulsion of Asians by Idi Amin in 1972, the Tajdin Kara family left Uganda and relocated to Canada.
The three have been airlifted to Kampala.
Judicial commission of inquiry on land starts work on January 10th.
so more money will be allocated on teaching them how 2 use them.
Grab your copy New Vision #EPAPER- https://vpg.
Grab your copy already.
Housing gap is large and will generate more profits.
” These are the questions you two need to ask yourselves.
Send off of the fallen Businessman, Entreprenuer, Hotelier, Proprietor of Construction Companies, Humanitarian, Provider of Scholarships to Learners, God fearing and Development-oriented man- Hajji Ibrahim (Bulaimu) Muwanga Kibirige -R.I.P and Fare thee well.
Sadly, we are not allowing the fake parliamentary conference to proceed.
But all has not been well with the Uganda Police force.
As Primary Seven candidates prepare to sit for 2020/2021 Primary Leaving Examinations , authorities have appealed to parents whose female candidates conceived or gave birth to encourage them to go back and do their final exams.
Ibrahim Abiriga who was gunned down on Friday evening as he approached his home in Kawanda, Wakiso district.
for us here are after experience and standng ready either to qualify of African cup or WC !
Nakivubo stadium, 6000sh ONLY.
In the mighty name of Jesus, we pray.
Well done, if it decides to change forex rates in adescending sequence.
Bah Ndaw, a retired colonel who has been designated Mali's interim president following last month's coup, made his first public appearance on Thursday.
The Russian Foreign Ministry had earlier recommended the Kremlin send home 35 US diplomats in response to a similar move by Washington on Thursday.
The Standard Gauge Railway (SGR) project is recruiting senior staff as actual works on one of Uganda and East Africa’s biggest infrastructure projects begin to take shape.
If you haven't found it yet, keep looking.
4b in terminal beneﬁts.
Kampala Capital City Authority executive director Jennifer Musisi has interdicted Rubaga Division Town Clerk James Luyimbazi on suspicion of fraud in which the Authority lost millions of shillings.
You can also get a complete digital copy online.
We have you covered, here are the holiday destinations for the festive season.
The Vatican is calling for a complete investigation after the Pope’s pregnant receptionist was found dead in her apartment last week on the outskirts of the city.
Parliament is bracing itself for a heated debate on Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) report with both the Lord Mayor, Erias Lukwago, and KCCA Executive Director, Ssemakula Musisi, underscoring the importance of the debate with their attendance.
28m recorded in Financial 2005/06 to over $617.
May God heal Rosary!
Let'S get some Hoza UG entertainment.
The doctors said we have 12 days".
The Presidency ministry has given out 55 new cars to the last batch of Resident District Commissioners (RDCs) to support service delivery.
Desh Kananura and co accused in court for the hearing of their case , where they are accused of killing a worker , at Nakawa Court, November.
I Smith Rumanzi, it's high time Besigye to think about his health too as u commented on Mao.
News Around Uganda - Parents fall sick after taking school porridge.
The burial arrangement for the slain assistant Director of Public Prosecution, Joan Kagezi for Wednesday.
This Katumba also, you don't go to royals just fwaaà.
Yet, as our Baganda people say, “Omugo oguli ku murirano, tegugoba engo” ─ (the stick in your neighbour’s house cannot help you to fight off a leopard).
Kayiwura wanted to take over power from Museveni using the police and his personal security army which he had recruited from Rwanda!
However, despite the numerous campaigns that aim at encouraging people to know their HIV status, many Ugandans fear testing.
On this auspicious occasion as he marks 26 years, send him your message.
'T you know where he stays?
Where dead companies are buried.
Trump to appear in Georgia in gamble over control of US Senate.
👨‍👦👨‍👧 Lets join hands and celebrate all the dads this #FathersDay.
From keeping guns to keeping money: UPDF generals plan for a comfortable retirement.
A second witness in a case in which Onzivua and the Kinkizi East MP, Chris Baryomunsi are charged with conspiracy and abuse of office testified.
How LRA rebel leader Joseph Kony used ‘spirits’ to bind young fighters.
According to the law, if you are writing your will, you can include anyone - even a stranger!
Gravity Omutujju on stage.
it ws eaten ate then found dead.
Ura names top 1,000 SMEs topping tax payment.
7 trillion) this year, up from $694m (sh1.
Ugandan golf is planning to shake off the effects of the #coronavirus pandemic and return to action sooner than later.
Schools may be closed but your child’s learning doesn’t have to stop.
Mahama was the overwhelming favourite among seven candidates, winning 95 percent of 213,487 votes cast on Saturday, making him the flagbearer of the National Democratic.
Phinehas Manoni Katirima writes about surviving on meat and herbs in the bush in his book 'Compelled to Action'.
But are the locals up to the job?
Can you explain more than just vaccinate?
Upc stalwart Jimmy Akena was over the weekend Kwanjulad by fellow legislator Betty Amongi.
I lent my boyfriend my laptop over the weekend and it was stolen from him.
Young hippos are either born on land or under water.
Policeman, civilian killed in Mombasa grenade attack .
Now this is in Kenya here a stone throw from us.
The New Vision is with Mugaya Kevin Francis and 3 others.
Outgoing Archbishop of the Church of Uganda, Henry Luke Orombi hugs the Archbishop-elect Stanley Ntagali after he was elected following a week-long retreat at Lweza Conference Centre http://see.
Love of P1g gone too far!
Euro 2020 finally kicks off today as Cristiano Ronaldo's Portugal prepare to defend their title and world champions France seek a rare double a year after the tournament was delayed by the coronavirus pandemic.
If you don’t change, the person next to you cannot change.
It should be 101 yrs.
39m (sh1 trillion) in July 2021, largely undercut by a protest from gold exporters over a new tax levy.
We bring you everything you missed in the Pakasa pullout today only in New Vision.
🗞️ Buildup in today's edition 👉🏽 https://t.
The outgoing finance minister, Maria Kiwanuka, has said Uganda’s economic growth is set to accelerate to 5.
Chief Justice Alfonse Owiny-Dollo has opined that retirement ages for judicial officers be revised as follows; Magistrates at 65, High Court judges at 70, and Supreme Court judges at 75 or above.
Even after telling us that she dropped out of school in primary four, she insisted we conduct the interview in English and proudly told us she had learnt to speak the language while in prison.
Children are not yours, they are only lent to you for a time.
How will oil waste be managed?
he can throw out any idiot from the law society but he can not even dream about tempering with a sitting attorney general who by law of this land is a permanent member of the same.
Can't they see that smuggling is welcome elsewhere but not in Rwanda.
What africa does best.
So schools will close early becouse of pope?
Wang Yi meets with Ugandan foreign minister JeJe Odongo.
How much is tht in dollars?
5 million from the current 12.
"We know the origin of the past mistakes," he assured his listeners in the UN General Assembly hall.
One of his eyes cannot open because the inflammation on his skin glued his upper and lower eyelids together.
Milly Draleru discovered the head early morning while sweeping the compound.
A 24-year-old Christine Nema, a resident of Rwebigongoro Landing Site on Lake Albert shores in Ndaiga sub-county Kagadi was on Monday killed by a crocodile as she washed her clothes on the lake shores.
The New Vision is with Kaalo Pius.
You don’t have to do it all alone.
I have failed to understand Ugandans.
Just tell it like it is, or say "an undisclosed amount".
But the next time I used the search engine on it, up popped the name of our friend, and the words, "Motorbike accident, Thailand" and the year in the suggested text below the search box.
As the hunt for the killers of the senior UNRA human resource manager goes on, his vehicle that has been missing has been recovered.
Note the differences in lower lid bags and upper and lower lip wrinkles.
Let your child choose an activity where you hang out together for 10 or 15 minutes with no interruptions.
"The world has lost an inspiration -- but one whose achievements will never be forgotten".
#Jinja is my home.
The New Vision is with Kim Talic Macmot and Ďãńdý Phàŕouk Cazorla.
Uganda'S Benjamin Kiplagat finishes a distant 14th of 15 in a time of 8:47.
The New Vision is with Onjima Isma Isma.
Is his ghost lingering on?
The bickering between the Lord Mayor of Kampala, Erias Lukwago & UTODA boss John Ndyomugyenyi, is far from over.
Malawi will hold polls in just under two months after the Constitutional Court overturned the results of last year's controversial election.
According to a press release, the Kabaka will celebrate his 55th birthday with various theatrical groups in .
Police are investigating the Uganda Cancer Institute top management over alleged forgery, mismanagement of public funds, abuse of office and irregular employment.
are dying of famine.
9% was the most prominent cause of corruption in procurement; this was followed by low salary (28.
So lets consider that also.
We have a selection of pictures showing how people around the globe are going about their lives amidst the #coronavirus pandemic, with the focus on their face masks.
David Mutahunga, Abel Kalega and Rebecca Nakato, who sat their A ‘level examinations in 2011 at St. Gonzaga Secondary School Kijjukizo in Lyantonde town council, were admitted.
Mr Samwiri Mwagalwa is 105 years old.
The hosts have forced great saves out of Jan Oblak!
The 'Birowozo' star was arrested at Nikita international airport in Japan in possession of drugs.
A city businessman has dragged Stanbic Bank to court seeking to recover a house worth sh950m that he purchased from the bank.
The former independent presidential candidate, Prof.
He said that he cannot rule out offering himself as an opposition candidate if there is a leveled ground.
The best part: They contain almost no calories.
Isn't it Mr. President?
Uganda zaabu M7 must go # Free Uganda it is captured.
The present of the year !
It was the saddest thing to witness; three young children, crying and hurting, seeking answers from equally bewildered residents, to who had killed their father.
The 2010 parliamentary scorecard, a tool used to rate the performance of MPs, is out.
And that Buganda fought UPC, Amin and Obote for 60 years and millions of Baganda died fighting for absolutely nothing.
"When was the last time you read the Quran?
Find the story in the New Vision- https://vpg.
Forced to sleep in the cellar, she was repeatedly raped by Ashar.
The demonstration followed a threat by the drivers last week that they would lay down their tools until their grievances were met by the concerned authorities.
#Cmr 1-2 #BRA & #CRO 0-0 #MEX.
Given his reckless behaviour, I am considering setting up a secret savings account and a business for the family’s sake, but my conscious is not clear.
Two more children killed in rising cases of kidnap for ransom.
Sex is good for your career!
A HUGE DAY for #Uganda!
The Buganda Kingdom throne is under threat according to a joint statement signed by the Katikkiro, Eng.
So she too has a chance!
Vision Group's chief executive officer Robert Kabushenga has been elected on a committee to steer the establishment of an umbrella media body to advocate for interests of the media in the EAC region.
The New Vision is with Gbehinyan Yetunde Grace.
Who is ready for Game prices?
Shopkeepers have revealed that they saw a man drop a bag inside the trading centre moments before the blast http://see.
The envoy said Uganda, which hosts the Nile Basin Initiative (NBI), continues to play a pivotal role in promoting the implementation of the Cooperative Framework.
A just released investor survey indicates that domestic private investors create more jobs compared to their foreign counterparts.
Pakasa: Do you know when to take a business loan.
The Electoral Commission has published the full results from the 2016 presidential elections on their website – by district and by polling station.
Scientific papers have been published this year on how a flatworm, a fish, a frog, and other organisms begin to make organs and appendages.
Let them continue dreaming if they don't know the Uganda there are living in.
The traditional healer who cut off the genitals of 5yr old George Mukisa (pictured with his father Godfrey), has been sentenced to only 15 years in jail for his crime.
The Polish forward has scored a whooping 43 goals for Bayern in this campaign.
Relationship Tip: Become an expert on your partner.
A French woman was charged and remanded in custody on accused of seducing and killing an elderly man and poisoning three others.
When you’re the pope, getting pizza isn’t a problem.
Let him develop this city.
Vision group style up and stop spoiling other business names, do u know that monitor content is less biased?
Surprisingly I did it till evening when mom n dad came back to check on me only to find the tree down n mom broke in tears my son is being tortured.
Nabbagala, however, advised the suspect apply for bail in the High Court.
Where is fly Uganda?
Follow us on Facebook: .
What was your experience?
So when you riding through the ruts, don't complicate your mind.
Kazibwe’S AU bid hangs in the balance.
Vip TREATMENT: Golden Boy Kiprotich leading the way as Team Uganda is checked-in for tomorrow's British Airways flight.
Bse those two offices pay their workers well.
The party’s President General, Rtd Major General handed a partys contribution of Sh5m and promised more Sh5m.
and WHEN YOU DON'T MOVE THE WAY THEY WANT.
Where the hell is their mum?
You can do better!
The report was released today by the Media Monitoring Network.
Sory i've already bought DM.
No game is easy in #football, but KCCA are now making this contest look so easy at Lugogo.
Uganda’S main opposition party, Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) has welcomed a move by NRM to expel rebel MPs over indiscipline.
He was on duty, and was said to have got drunk and intoxicated on marijuana.
He said many farmers harvest poor quality green tea leaves, which has compromised the international market value at the auction market in Mombasa.
No particular reason has been given.
“No cash payments should be given to any Umeme staff or anyone purporting to represent Umeme.
Live @bukeddetv 1 & 2 from LUBIRI as Coronation Anniversary Celebrations start on http://t.
Churches heed President Museveni’s directive on the suspension of church services.
Rescuers were still looking for the three missing workers.
Court martial defence lawyer’s theft case drags on for 12 years.
Agony: My friend doesn't want me to date a guy she went out with once.
West Ankole diocese has banned burial functions beyond 3:00pm.
Find 10 pages on President Yoweri Museveni’s State of the Nation Address in today's paper-http://bit.
Take a good look at your deodorant, facial creams, lotions and make up kit.
The office of the Nnabagereka will on Friday host a group of philanthropists and other stakeholders at the Sheraton Kampala Hotel.
Helo newvision wen i observ da police officer,he is not in traffic uniform2 enforce trafic rules.
Etc , wat next?
Teaching is only for those who are trained.
Police in Mukono district have arrested eleven people suspected to have been behind a wave of insecurity in and around Mukono Municipality.
Get your copy only in The New Vision today.
As in any election, a host of local and national issues are being debated in the campaigns, with accusations and counter-accusations flying back and forth at rallies and in the media.
Have you saved with NSSF Uganda and acquired your benefits, did you invest them for the betterment of your life as well as the lives of others?
Go to bed at the same time every night and wake up at the same time every morning.
Help All Doctor Acquire New Skills Pls.
#2021Recap: 'A corrupt person is not a political asset, they are a political liability.
Woman steals baby at martyrs shrine on Martyrs Day.
Then: Jinja Road roundabout in Kampala in 1994.
Over the past three decades, there has been emphasis on hard skills in Uganda.
We should stop lamenting of Covid.
' Bannange next time use Okwonko's english or Shake Spere's!
The city tycoon was recently involved in a scam in which over sh190m was diverted from the Kiruhura district account to his.
I Prayed Like Never Before as I thanked GOD For allowing US to Fellowship in His Temple again!
Sunday Vision brings you a write up of how Amin used kabaka’s palace to overthrow Obote-https://vpg.
The Athletics Federation has pulled out Jacob Araptany from the 1,500m race because of a clash in the schedule.
If u notice well.
Through a tweet that he shared on the timeline, Wizkid who was expected to perform today December 3 apologized to his fans and further promised to make it up to them anyway possible.
Fungaroo queried why US$200 was being deducted from the pay of soldiers deployed in Somalia.
What if You buy a tractor for every Parish in Uganda.
In an interview in his modest apartment in the Vatican, the pope told the glossy French magazine Paris Match that the world economic system as it stands was "unsustainable".
I want to thank my stepdad, Julian Sekamwa, for being our best friend.
I really don't know what to do without being the 'jealous ex' even though I have been seeing someone else.
Wrestling will not feature in the 2020 Olympic Games after the International Olympic Committee's Executive Board made a surprise recommendation to drop the sport on Tuesday.
Ndejje are the defending champions in the men's category, while Nkumba are champions in the women’s category.
News coming from Dar es Salaam confirms that Ray C attempted suicide last week only to be saved by her neighbours.
Today in Pakasa, read about how Kenyan president Uhuru Kenyatta has made it this far in business and politics and why you should listen to him at the Pakasa Forum tomorrow.
#Popefrancis Your faith is strong because "you are people of the holy martyrs.
The thieves broke into the San Bernardino County Sexual Assault Services office on the night of July 31, according to a press release from Cal Governor's Office of Emergency Services (OES).
"I know several elite athletes that listen to what we'd consider 'relaxing' music, such as symphony music, while they do a hard workout," says Andrew Kastor.
Look for RASTA ROB,MADDOX SEMATIMBA.
50 points compared with Tuesday's close, as Chinese fears eclipsed news that Britain's jobless total has struck a seven-year low.
what about the hefty salaries they were pocketing?
Rather, it is frustration; that feeling of being unable to advance in their careers, that drives many employees to leave their jobs and start their own business.
She left the kids behind and I took them to my sister.
the police as an institution in Uganda have been used to play the roles which are not even any close to their rightful, justified roles.
Get the full story in New Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Hillary Clinton has secured a big win over Bernie Sanders in the South Carolina primary, the latest battleground in the race to be Democratic presidential nominee.
-and not just, 'it's my party or family to decide".
She added that Africans in South Africa were being slaughtered like animals during the course of the attacks.
Rdc Hoima has been detained by the land probe commission .
You will have a period when dreams shall be king.
You lack a control and certainly you can't enforce law and order in the transport sector.
Make sure to eat a well balanced meal everyday because no matter how busy you are you need to have the strength to carry on all day, and starting with a well balanced meal will give you that strength.
Ndyomugyenyi compared Lukwago to a father who shouts at his children, when he is returning from home.
The fate of UPDF in South Sudan to be known later today, army spokesperson, Lt.
Former body guard to Rwanda president Paul Kagame joins the list of Rwandans killed in South Africa.
Somalia'S prime minister said that it could be a challenge for his country if Uganda followed through on a threat to withdraw troops fighting Islamist rebels in southern Somalia.
The New Vision added 2 new photos — in Kireka.
We now have the African Continental Free Trade Agreement (AfCFTA) where you can trade with anybody.
Unless thy'll be allowed 2 take care ov their pregnant wmen or gov't 2 do it on their behalf.
120/M Bill paid for 3 weeks stay covid patient foreigner died yesterday at Medipal hospital.
Vision Group launches cash prize drive for Kiprotichhttp://bit.
He didn't challenge it in court.
The New Vision is Uganda's leading daily newspaper.
The NYC chairperson, Jacob Eyeru said many youths continue to engage in sex because of idleness among other issues since schools were closed.
The child is reported to have died on arrival at Mulago hospital where they had been rushed.
It makes people restless and sleepless, and heartless.
She was also forced to carry out all the menial chores in the £300,000 house, including cooking, cleaning, sewing, washing and ironing.
U now wen someone grows old he or she goes back to being a kid.
Ugandan families have in the past three years adopted over 100 children from the Malaika Babies Home in Kampala.
A commission of inquiry has been set up to probe the trip: http://cot.
Addict risks all in deadly Philippine drug war https://t.
The New Vision is with Mwebya Ian and 2 others.
Russia’S second-largest oil producer Lukoil will sell 100 percent of its Lukoil-Ukraine CFI operations to Austria’s AMIC Energy Management GmbH (AMIC).
Creating new positions that will be filled by persons who will in the meantime be stationed in Arua.
“Buganda used to be our stronghold, but from 2011, there has been a decline in terms of support and to reverse this decline, we need to go back to the drawing board,” said Richard Todwong NRM secretary general.
As schools brace for reopening on January 10 next year, thousands of teachers and support staff risk being barred from stepping onto school premises.
Last year Australia denied it when a US official said such plans were in motion.
The Chaplain of the Catholic community at Nkumba University, Fr Herman Zziwa, has asked Ugandans not to give newly ordained priests saucepans as gifts.
Katsarski Milen, Adrian Dimitrov, Ivan Ganchev Emilov, and Ivonov Anton are accused of trying to steal money from Stanbic Bank accounts.
Canadian embassy in #Washington DC on lockdown.
Mobile money number for Kiprotich is MTN Mobile money 0788162001 reason Kiprotich.
Beat in 1/3 cup cocoa, 1/2 cup flour, salt, and baking powder.
what wrong has he done?
What a magnificent house of God!
Aid workers raced on Wednesday to help survivors and meet spiralling humanitarian needs in three poor countries battered by one of the worst storms to hit southern Africa in decades.
Dr. Faisal Buyinza, a lecturer of Economics was arrested today.
"He has experience with such teams, having coached the Ghana U17 national team.
Clemente is a respected Spanish coach who has previously handled top sides like Spain (1992- 1998), Serbia (2006-2007) and Cameroon (2010-2011).
Ucu has unveiled a plan to roll out virtual exams, the move which was last time blocked by the Parliament and President Yoweri Museveni as the lockdown had just been declared forcing the immediate closure of the education institutions.
The parliamentary probe wants them to refund the money and IGG takes action against them.
“I treasure my relationship with LK4.
Who killed Pastor Herbert Ssebunya?
Money used in abye elections can by 1000 beds in the hospital.
‘My fishermen seem to be pushing for things.
Hundreds of mourners morning thronged Kololo ceremonial grounds for a national thanksgiving service in honour of fallen First Deputy Prime Minister Eriya Kategaya.
Geneva - People are living longer than ever and "dramatic" gains in life expectancy show no sign of slowing down, the World Health Organization said on Wednesday.
The New Vision is with Beta Jex Patio.
The New Vision is with Mukasa John Kennedy and 4 others.
New Vision’s Henry Sekanjako, Nicholas Wassajja & Moses Walubiri, talked to a cross-section of people who attended the event, & shared their views about the President’s address.
At least seven women have been killed in "barbaric" attacks in Somalia after Al-Shabaab insurgents beheaded a soldier's wife, prompting revenge executions of women close to the Islamists, elders said Thursday.
I am staking my money for the Kops.
“As Government, we firmly believe that access to information is necessary for realising other fundamental human rights vital for sustainable development and economic growth," said ICT minister Chris Baryomunsi.
Tanzania’s Amani newspaper reports that the Bongo Flava artiste conducted the tests while on a private trip to South Africa recently.
The Kampala High Court has awarded Prof.
Today marks 22 years since the Allied Democratic Forces (ADF) massacred over 80 students of Kicwamba Technical College, in Kabarole district.
73 percent after 95 percent of voting districts were officially tallied following Wednesday's vote.
Woman undresses in front of Ham Towers.
A country is more more than an individual.
Catch up on the latest news here >>.
She would never have the chance to give any kind of inheritance to her three children; they all died before she was killed in a freak accident in 1927.
Commercial banks have offered to review interest rates on old loans for clients which shot up after the Central bank hiked its lending rates.
Ugandans have joined South Africans in mourning the death of anti-apartheid icon Archbishop Desmond Tutu.
Meet NSSF Uganda's 8 semi-finalists as we get set for the grand finale.
On the second visit, she told me she reflected on her life and realised she still loves me and asked if we could reconcile.
“I do not have a problem with conjugal visits, but Prisons is not yet able to provide these services because we neither have facilities nor the mechanism to offer them.
You'Ve not added COVID 19 to his death.
The internal affairs ministry will roll out the new passport application system at Uganda’s foreign missions in November this year.
Great piece of play, easily the best of the game, well done Colombia they went back to go forward and well done that man James Rodriguez.
The New Vision is with Mark Paul and 4 others.
Follow the latest updates from the golden handshake probe proceedings in the New Vision.
Album EALA contributes Shs14.
We welcome the President to Uganda.
Hah these pipo are just too a head via thinking.
The information you give will be confidential, and will only be used to prepare.
Check out & like Pakasa Vision or go to www.
With over 30,000 registered Covid-19 cases and 230 deaths, experts and citizens are understandably getting anxious about the rate at which the deadly virus is spreading in Uganda.
she did not publish this herself and neither did this happen in good faith.
Please change our brothers and sisters.
so please officers have mercy at sometimes.
It's not a matter of waving begging bowls to the western world, after all Uganda don't need any help from foreign donors.
This test came in the wake of criticism and pressure indicating that Platinumz may not be 'Tifah's' father.
Details and more stories in the full bulletin.
Oba which medal fits him?
Mayweather is a coward!
Tell them (children) the dangers of keeping company with a non-living thing all day, every day, all-year-round.
The guy collects reports like novels to pass time.
Grab a free copy in the New Vision for more #EPAPER- https://epaper.
Full story in Saturday Vision.
Kickboxer Moses Golola has promised to excite his fans the way he did on August 30 when he knocked down Titus Tugume in a matter of seconds to win the vacant East and Central Africa title.
Opening of bars hangs in balance as Uganda moves to fully reopen the economy in January 2022.
Do they contain a chemical ingredient called paraben?
#Pictureoftheday: Air borne Musoga traditional dancer at Budhumbula, Kamuli district during celebrations to mark Gabula Day, the 13 coronation anniversary of Prince William Gabula Nadiope as the hereditary chief of Bugabula BB chiefdom.
A coalition of over 700 civil society organizations in Uganda under their umbrella body of the Citizens’ Coalition for Electoral Democracy in Uganda (CCEDU) has called for legal provisions deterring any candidate from withdrawing from an election race at the last minute.
The New Vision was live.
Somali Govt troops launched an attack on Al-Shabaab base near Halgan area in Hiiraan region on Thursday and killed one militant fighter, according to a top military commander, Mohamed Omar.
The programmes will start in Kampala’s slums.
The proboscis monkey is one of the largest monkey species that is native to Asia.
Where is yo naniI.
The New Vision added 12 new photos — with Ojilong John Peter and 24 others.
A is now settled and my favourate General was right to do so.
The warning follows information circulating on social media and radio announcements by an unknown group of Muslims vowing to reopen the mosque this Friday (December 31).
For a digital copy, please subscribe.
By THE WAY NO ONE IS DOING ME A FAVOUR OF PUTTING ME ON THE FRONTLINE TO FIGHT.
One woman, who introduced herself as Karen, asked for a picture and said it was "the best day of her life".
The event slated to take place in San Francisco will be aimed at developers behind programs designed for computers powered by Windows software, and at businesses that depend on Microsoft programs in their networks.
Get the details online here.
The participating public universities include Makerere, Kyambogo, Gulu, Mbarara, Gulu, Busitema, and Muni.
2009: The launch of the National Insurance Corporation (NIC) initial sale of shares to the public when two Makerere University academics protested the listing of the company.
Peter Omola, has refuted reports that the Uganda Peoples Defence Forces (UPDF) has pulled out of the town, saying the army has only readjusted its positions for tactical reasons.
The former right back who was part of Arsenal’s premier league winning side of 2003-2004 dubbed the ‘invincibles’ , touched down at Entebbe Airport from London via Amsterdam on Friday night.
"We hope to help the family so they can say their goodbyes and honor Joyce.
After an absence spanning over 10 years, the soukous singer, dancer, music producer, and composer made a grand return to Kampala, a place he once had a cult status.
Two more people have been admitted to an isolation centre at Rushoroza Health Centre III in Kabale district with signs of the deadly marburg fever.
Health sector to boost economy-Museveni .
Yo telling us to just read about them and it ends like that?
President Museveni has pledged $100,000 towards the construction of the William Ruto Institute of African & Leadership Studies at Makerere University.
The former 🇿🇼 Zimbabwean president turns 95 today.
End OF EXTRA TIME: #NED 0-0 #ARG Penalties will decide the winner of #NEDARG in the #WorldCup semi-final.
After they deceive that we've discovered the medicines.
The stadium retainedd Nyayo name but is in Coca cola colors a user fee of 100 shillings is paid by every athlete for using the facilities.
You should visit Kibale National Park to see chimpanzees and gorillas with your naked eyes.
Grab a free copy in New Vision for all kids tailored information #EPAPER- https://vpg.
Christians from 5 different dioceses in Uganda today (Monday) thronged Munyonyo Shrine, in memorial recognition of the place where the journey of Uganda Martyrs started, ending in their execution in Namugongo.
East or West, The Athena Hotel Uganda welcomes you to work, dine and rest.
Would you take advantage of combined forces to achieve someone’s heart?
Facebook said on Tuesday it is testing an array of features aimed at getting people to watch more videos at the leading social network.
The New Vision is with Johnson Rwige and Phurank Ba.
Following the President's directive of only allowing in truck drivers who test negative, samples are being sorted appropriately.
As we step out today, let lives & destinies be blessed by our words & actions as we uplift, motivate & bless lives.
just check the picture above.
It is exceeding goals for addressing the HIV crisis, well ahead of a deadline set by the United Nations.
President Yoweri Museveni assumes chairmanship of the Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA) regional economic bloc from the outgoing President Joyce Banda of Malawi during the 16th summit of the COMESA heads of state and government.
“We pray for the NRM leaders but you don’t want to share the national ‘bread’ with us.
The New Vision is with Sanya Bashir and Ivanny Don Coreta.
The Sunday Vision is creating a new pull out titled ‘Car Doctor.
President said while at the Capital Gang radio talk show in Kampala.
When will the shed in Gulu be attended?
It was accidentally plz don't add nonce, he was trying to help some people he got by road side when a speeding lorry knocked dead their kid of six yrs,and the drv was so violent after seeing those of todwong then drop away he todwong fired to scare him to stop.
The so called Testing is for only for those who is could afford to reach testing centers which are very difficult to access.
One thing that is certainly true is that Swaleh Ssali is among the very few Ugandans who have successfully ventured into businesses in the UK.
After Saturday's games: Uganda tops Group D with 6 points after beating Comoros 1-0.
we want a one united uganda in order for visible national development that's matured politic.
That Deputy Alisengawa is a bad one, he shud have been killed!
Rwanda says the killed were smugglers who had entered Rwanda on Sunday morning.
Churches would have been rampant places for peaceful, health careers and ontop of that where leaders use to silence bad people from but now look and see?
The socialist leader in late April restricted the work week to just Mondays and Tuesdays to save power in a country hit by electricity shortages.
, tulina kulwanira wamu.
The New Vision is with Moses Nathan Muhangi and Taaka Stela.
youtube somali army in the early 70s -89s.
Uganda'S year-on-year inflation rate rose to 18.
Fdc presidential candidate Patrick Amuriat this morning held mini rallies in Kanungu district, as he heads to Rukungiri.
Wake up guys use your intuition just a little bit.
2 minutes) and complete this brief self-assessment concerning NVPPCL-DGF Project “Promotion of Human Rights and Enhancing Access to Justice through Media Interventions”.
When I informed her about my feelings, I got no response.
Pretty with brains that's wat stacie is !
It now stands at Shs.
I remember having to write out ‘Independence’ 200 times in a neat handwriting.
Tension is getting high at Kabale regional referral Hospital following the death of one of the suspects of the Rift Valley Haemorrhagic fever.
We are still primitive even religiously.
The International Arbitration Court in the Netherlands has ruled on the case brought by shareholders in the defunct Yukos oil company, ordering Russia to pay about $50 billion in damages.
Good reporting would show the scene of the incidence not a perfect picture like this!
Petition: Should read " African leaders commit to fight bad governance in the continent", and the soft target fight?
In a long-running legal battle, Associated Newspapers, which publishes the Mail on Sunday, Daily Mail and MailOnline, is appealing against a lower High Court decision that the letter deserved privacy .
And these people are going to become threat to security in the area and other near by area's,let the authority do something about them.
Find out in Sunday Vision.
Putting up a house is not easy in this economically stranded country.
Prince David Wasajja has rubbished claims that a tough life in exile compelled his father Ssekabaka Edward Mutesa to sell the prime 640-acre Mutungo city suburb land.
Mps are insisting that idle land must be taxed.
Golola, you inspire me honestly.
Yahoo new email application allows users to sign-in without passwords, which have long been lambasted as paltry defense mechanisms by security specialists.
22 dead in Kiryandongo accident.
“I am here at the health centre and the dead bodies are lying on the floor.
#Johannesburg - From political posters to bottles of wine and kitchen aprons, the face and name of Nelson Mandela is a potent commercial and political brand in South Africa.
The number of people living with dementia is expected to explode from approximately 50 million today to 152 million by 2050, the WHO said in its report.
Katniss should be relieved, happy even.
It can be possible if Ugandans put the love of the nation first.
If lion dies,is that a problem?
It is common practice that a wreath is used to honour the memory of a loved one.
For Christine Akello Bradshaw, it took passion & determination for her to brave the negative speculation.
Salary: Abu Dhabi: 2.
A three-year project has been started by Makerere University to educate boda boda riders on the use of roads.
The New Vision added 22 new photos — with Samuel Ouga Ekemu.
🔊 PODCAST | My HIV story - Dr. Watiti and Aloysius Matovu Joy II.
More awareness campign be done to reduce maternal death.
Young entrepreneurs from Uganda and other East African countries have formed a regional coalition of youth business organisations to encourage young people to start their own businesses.
I thout police isnt allowed to tamper wth media presenters into such casez, wat happened to the lawz tht govern our country ?
By all means,he hails from Arua,bravo to ugandan Ghanian president.
ova 5 ministers in a single ministry, ol funded.
A simple primary teacher then, she however drew strength from the tragedy.
The New Vision added 10 new photos — with Catherine Mwesigwa Kizza.
President Yoweri Museveni’s meeting with secretary generals of political parties under the Interparty Party Organisation for Dialogue arrangement has been rescheduled.
But these people look like Banyankole!
Now: Jinja Road roundabout today.
Ning can change them.
Muntu says supporters should not get worried about the party’s future because of what is happening in their campaigns.
How do you rate these new songs?
Where is the ministry of works in this.
He recently took part in the NRM party primaries, where he came into close contact with most of his supporters.
Launching the programme at Bulange in Mengo, Nagginda said the campaign will promote the fight against HIV and reduce the high prevalence rate in central region.
On Thursday, the mob stormed the Dimapur jail, seized the suspect, identified as Syed Farid Khan, 35, and reportedly beat him to death.
Sarah Gukiina, the proprietor of Gukiina Furniture gives a whole new meaning to term “resilient”; the ability to spring or bounce back quickly into shape after being squashed.
Kasangati Chief Magistrate’s Court has set Monday 21st March to decide on whether it can proceed to hear an application filed by former presidential candidate Col.
Grab your copy of the New Vision ?
The New Vision is with Drijaru Roselyn and Ro Ger.
The duration of day light and night are equal.
Thats y i worship HIM but not persons!
Women's 1,500m and Janet Achola takes off!
I dont knw how old u are but why did it take u a yr then u find out.
The National Council of Sports (NCS) and Uganda Cricket Association (UCA) have embarked on the process of improving the Lugogo Oval ahead of the ICC World Cricket League Division 3 Tournament.
He manupulated and gave u heartache for a year.
Kenyan troops launched an assault Sunday night to end a terrifying siege by Somali militants holding hostages inside a shopping mall, with police warning the death toll of 68 people could rise "much higher".
Tens of thousands of Cubans queued for hours to get into the grounds of Havana's huge Ciudad Deportiva venue.
Your faith is being tested whether its genuine or not.
Kayihuras boys are like sheep.
Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) executive director, Jennifer Musisi has received the golden European award in public administration.
Remove muffins from their cups, dip each muffin in the melted margarine, and roll in the sugar-cinnamon mixture.
“Looks like they are still held up in traffic, or may have encountered unforeseen circumstances…” These were some of the comments residents of Kalangaalo were heard murmuring after attempts to wait for Chameleone and Weasel to arrive for a mass organised in the memory of their young brother, AK47, stretched out of hand.
Out of every 10 relationships, four were with teachers.
[Pictures] President Yoweri Museveni is expected to commission Kisengwe health center III in Kakumiro district.
He was not pleased.
The New Vision is with Muhamedi Musa and Ēl Sæmz.
Uganda is in the process of preparing the second five year national development plan (NDP), the prime minister, Amama Mbabazi, has said.
The New Vision is with Brahan Alli.
A new study looking at male and female immune responses to the new coronavirus may shed new light on why men are more likely to become seriously ill with Covid-19, researchers say.
New vision provide us with the full list of rape, defilement, kidnap, mass graves in born again churches.
Behind a rich man is a hardworking n patient wife.
The New Vision is with Arnold Barry Vocello and Angel Sent.
It’S well understood that apologizing is a good thing but it only makes a real impact when you mean it.
Drinking enough water can have numerous benefits.
This is the ultimate permanent storage -- turn them back to stone," said Juerg Matter, lead author of the study, which was published Thursday in the journal Science.
Nrm vs Mbabazi letter competition!
4b pension cash have been released on bail.
Do we mean what we say?
Odoi tanga expected the General to lessen to his true lies; it was the top General who sent 'afande Tum' b'se he knows army officers can't easily be compromised, and if he risks and yet he has been on Katebe for long it be a problem to him again.
So today is the third time Germany and Argentina Meet in a World Cup final.
These include the municipalities of Arua, Gulu, Mbale, Jinja and Mbarara.
I don't like these ckergy's who think they no more yet they are ignorant about the bible and the word of God!
It this really possible, please share scientific views on this development.
The New Vision is with Samuel Zziwa.
Today parishioners of Our Lady of Africa Mbuya Parish were gathered at Uganda Martyrs shrine Namugongo to listen to Martyrs talk.
Isnt this being idle .
The Pentagon-run programme to train and equip moderate Syrian rebels to fight Islamic State jihadists is being overhauled, US officials said Friday.
#Knpcpolo2014 Score updates Lato Milk 3:5 Tata.
Kabaka, Parliament pay tribute to Kikonyogo.
#Fulldoze: Friday Lock Down Party.
Coach Bobby has summoned a squad of 23 available players to start non residential training at Namboole at 9.
Get the details of why there is a clash over the burial grounds.
Do you think this is necessary?
A Department for International Development spokesman said: “We take these allegations extremely seriously and have already suspended UK aid to the Office of the Ugandan Prime Minister.
In its primary elections on Friday, NRM picked Frederick Ruhindi in Nakawa East, Cedric Babu Ndilima in Kampala Central, Margaret Nantong Zziwa in Nakawa West and Faridah Nambi for Kampala District Woman MP.
But that kind of connection actually can kill your sex life.
#Lifehack: Never ask someone how their job search is going.
Next Ekiring v Wong of Hong Kong, Monday 8.
Road construction became another lake for the greedy to fish.
Urban Television News anchor; Fayth Ariho takes a selfie with Dr.Johnson Byabashaija; Commissioner General of Prisons.
Sources indicate that he will be charged with treason.
Praise Him and trust His plans.
With more than 23,825 (WHO, February 2015) reported cases and 9,675 deaths to date the Ebola epidemic is still a great concern.
A dog in Seattle regularly rides a bus alone to take herself to the local dog park.
Nabunya was suspended for allegedly failing to live up to expectation.
Lord Mayor Erias Lukwago and KCCA Executive Director Jennifer Musisi are due to face off in court today http://t.
Uganda’S COVID-19 cases continue rising higher, with 143 new patients being reported on Wednesday.
Don’T hold onto that thing your lover said or did six months ago and bring it up each time you get mad at him.
Start communicating from the “Bottom Layer” (i.e. What feelings are really driving your reactions such as disappointment, rejection, loneliness, disrespect etc.
Sm ugandns coment as if they sleep behind a gold mine wea everythng is at ease.
Pope Francis has discharged Fr Paul Nyahanga allowing him to marry Dr Silvia Owor with whom they have children.
The Constitution is revoked and martial law is declared.
can't they burn emselves.
A furious Oketayot said, “Bitecherezo should stop insulting us.
Am hearing only bad news.
President Museveni speaks on Gen.
And earlier this month, the poster in question was banned by the Advertising Standards Agency for using misleading figures.
To this end, Nsibambi has stated reading books on goat rearing.
Lieutenant General, Elijah Malok Aleng Mayen, the First Governor of the Bank of South Sudan and former Secretary General of Sudan Relief and Rehabilitation Authority, (SRRA) passed away yesterday, aged 77, in a Nairobi hospital after a long illness, his family has announced.
Liverpool: Mignolet, Can, Toure, Sakho, Allen, Lucas, Moreno, Henderson, Coutinho, Markovic, Sterling.
False WITNESS AND 10-COVETIOUSNESS).
Police and officials of National Water and Sewerage Corporation (NWSC) were yesterday engaged in running battles with suspects with illegal water connections on their premises.
The Speaker of Parliament Rebecca Kadaga has expressed concern over the poor state of access roads in Busoga.
Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat.
Click here to attend.
Does this apply to you?
Truly painful and sad.
What do Cranes have to do to qualify for a major championship?
The 2016 Vision Group National Best farmers competition has been launched in Gulu, 340km north of the capital Kampala, with a special category for women included for the first time.
The permanent Secretary Office of the Prime Minister Pius Bigirimana resisted all earlier efforts to investigate financial irregularities in his office, MPs have heard.
"There was lack of coordination on the side of the officers, there was intelligence that this place was going to be attacked," Interior Minister Joseph Nkaissery told a parliamentary committee.
The free app is now available for download on Google Play, the App Store and selected Samsung App Stores.
Bobi Wine’s brother narrates the ordeal as Museveni speaks out.
On the night of November 11, 2018, arsonists sneaked in the school and burnt the dormitory killing at least 10 students and injuring 37 more.
Three children from one family have died and seven others are admitted at Hoima Referral hospital after eating the poisonous wild yams.
Just IN: The Ministry of Health in Rwanda has confirmed 2 new cases of #coronavirus, bringing the confirmed total to 19.
Y do african leaders overstay in power?
Grab yourself a copy of the Sunday Vision for details.
"Some people come into the market expecting to get high profits immediately so when they fail to do so, they leave the market," he said.
The Bride & Groom virtual expo will run from 2:00 pm to 4:00 pm every Saturday and from 3:00pm to 5:00pm on Sundays.
The bishop of Mukono Church of Uganda diocese, James William Ssebaggala, has called on well-wishers to help the 30 children whose father died in an accident recently.
looking for that tenderly love.
Uganda Breweries @BellLager US$5,000!
Fake news seem to think these pro abortion demos are confident.
Bad news in world of football, Together lets pray 4 him.
This year's proceeds will go to upgrading and improving maternal health services at Health Center IV's across the country 👉.
and prizes to be won.
Uganda is looking at the new guidelines issued by the US Centre for Disease Control which reduces the number of days persons infected with COVID-19 can stay in isolation from 10 days to five days.
Find out more in today's paper-https://vpg.
This guy is a moving tonedo!
The shilling continued to slide against the dollar last week, trading inside the range of 3450-3490.
If Cranes register a 1-0 win over Africa Champions Zambia next weekend, it means this decisive Nations Cup qualifying fixture will then have to be decided in a penalty shoot-out.
West Nile residents complain of extortion by security officials whilst enforcing curfew and Presidential directives on COVID-19.
You should be ashamed!
JOHN MASABA maps out the main roads to highlight the spots you need to watch out for during your Christmas travel.
For real,Russians sh'd get to know that however much have guns & wat wat, they will be defeated by all means.
They tax, impose a fine or penalty.
Grab a copy in New Vision for details #EPAPER- https://vpg.
Women in Gulu want the hours for drinking alcohol regulated arguing that excessive and unregulated consumption of alcohol was making their husbands inactive and unproductive.
South Africa's embattled ex-president Jacob Zuma returned to court on Tuesday for the latest round in a corruption case that saw lawyers clash angrily over the much-delayed proceedings.
E uo and revolt this.
Where to read the whole story?
The Govt plans to stop unvaccinated people from entering places of worship, schools, markets, hotels, bars, concert venues and public offices.
The 30-year-old British prince was warmly received by hundreds of fans in Canberra on Monday, including one teenage girl who wanted to have a photograph of herself with him in the background.
Historian Tony Owana engages him on what happened back in the day.
Residents of #Indonesia's capital Jakarta share their concerns over the emergence of the new #COVID19 variant #Omicron.
U REAP WAT U SOW.
Former UNRA boss Eng.
Manchester City are now down to 10 men after their keeper is redcarded for making contact with an advancing Wolves player on a counter.
So Museveni might bring him back in next year's cabinet as a reconciliatorz move.
Hon speaker of Telangana State Assembly Mr Pocharam Srinivas Reddy poses with other delagates at the Equator.
Sources say most of those affected are from the colleges of humanities and social sciences, business and management sciences and are post graduate students.
The New Vision added 10 new photos — at Mandela National Stadium - Namboole.
The frog burger will be available as part of a special exhibition of poisonous creatures, Orbi Yokohama spokesperson Tomoko Hiroshige said.
#Oscarpistorius will require intensive and ongoing psychotherapy, says Dr H. "We are left with a broken man who has lost everything".
Live: 20th ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (AGM) of the New Vision Printing and Publishing Company Limited.
The renewed Kampala peace negotiations between the M23 rebel group and DR Congo government are expected to be concluded within two weeks, according to the chief facilitator Dr. Crispus Kiyonga.
<P>It was an intoxicating taste of glory that drowned out the qualification struggles and previous Afrobasket thrashings.
The leader of the Democratic Republic of Congo, President Felix Tshisekedi, appealed before the UN General Assembly for debt relief for developing countries to help them cope with the pandemic.
Let'S run for water.
The reaction was immediate condemnation.
Refrigerate any uneaten cake.
Civil society organisations and politicians that are against the demolition of the Uganda museum are backward, trade minister Kahinda Otafiire has said: http://ow.
All Catholic priests in Kampala will have to undergo mandatory COVID-19 testing to curb the spread of the virus.
Let them go hung in hell.
Get the full story in the Saturday Vision.
Murray down 2-1 in 3rd.
South Sudan in ruins .
Fireworks lit up the sky over the stadium in Chapeco as two Brazilian Air Force planes transporting the team's coffins touched down at the southern city's airport in pouring rain.
I think the money is now enough.
13 of these are being managed at the Fort Portal Regional Referral Hospital.
the contract is clear and there are no two ways about it.
Nile fishing company, the official distributors of Yamaha products in Uganda made the donation during the NRM secretary general, Justine Lumumba’s tour recently.
Have a great annivesary read .
The New Vision updated their profile picture.
One busy Saturday evening.
Coming from which region?
#Healthalert::Breakfast is the most important meal of the day.
The human-pig chimeric embryos are being allowed to develop in the sows for 28 days before the pregnancies are terminated and the tissue removed for analysis.
You might say, "Waiting until I was off the phone to ask for cookies was hard, and I really liked your patience".
9 trillion on the back of better returns on investments and cost management.
Dr. Katie Laid, a microbiologist who led the study, said the materials commonly used in healthcare uniforms, pose a transmission risk.
In his own world.
Would hve started sometimes back as neighbour.
Uia SPEAKS OUT ON STORY.
Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) human resource officer Paul Kasulu has dragged the authority and the Government to court.
Consultations with coastal communities had been "substantially flawed", and this made Shell's survey application "unlawful and invalid", Judge Gerald Bloem said.
The world cup of this year is actually unbelievable because even the defending champion 'Spain' are now out, so I think the world cup will be taken by Netherlands.
What it takes to grow juice bananas popularly known as 'kayinja'.
Please do not mislead people.
But only a few are as revered as Rumble In The Jungle that is happening on December 21 at Kaazi, Entebbe.
He nodded slowly, Wake up earlier".
The army says it will respect the result of a presidential election even if President Yoweri Museveni loses the Feb 18 vote: http://ow.
Juma Wanjala was hunted down with his three allies, namely, Dawson Baite, Twahir Kanakulya and Derrick Ssebagala from Budhumbuli ward area in Bugembe town council on Wednesday and immediately arrested.
Kasese victims rest in peace.
"Court orders should never be disobeyed.
Venezuela'S president Nicolas Maduro said he was scrapping an emergency measure that had public sector employees working only two days a week.
Good for him,may be he was living the life of a good gambler, knowing when to throw in,when to run n when to walk away,who knows may he is affiliated to some groups,gov't heads,gods,God etc.
Pastor And Congregants Naked As They Worship God.
Without implementing the policies properly, the budget is a lie!
A new Twitter user going by the name "Lizard Squad" took credit for the disruption, claiming it had the "nation on strings".
The New Vision where do u get the strength to say that river rwizi is 8,200km?
Kampala and Fort Portal have this evening experienced a mild earth tremor.
“The only latrine which we were using got full and people have to defecate in the open or in the lake and that is the same water we use for domestic work,” Agaba.
Nominations for 'BEST TEACHERS 2017' starts this Thursday.
I know Nakawuka - Kasanje very well!
#Bundesliga: DR Congo's Dodi Lukebakio is on target as Hertha easily beat Union 4-0 in the Berlin derby.
Buildnet is giving you an 18 MONTHS Payment Plan at NO INTEREST for your Luxurious 2/3 Bedroom Apartments in the Najjera Heights this Season.
Place 2 wraps in skillet, seam side down; cook for 2 minutes or until crisp.
Wonders why blocking him from going to America causes excitement.
Do you have a story to share about your experience of the People’s Republic of China?
Obama'S car excites Nairobians.
So many factors determine continuity of employment.
i'm having 20,750 in my mtn account balance since a week now i have been doin it, if you do it with 200 you will get 1,000, 400= 2,500 and 750= 6,000,,: follow this step to do yours.
Ucation SYSTEM is again a victim.
He had to teach senior five students in his senior six vacation when even he was not sure what he was talking about.
Happening this morning: Pastors Robert & Jessica Kayanja to conduct National prayer day, live on Bukedde TV, Urban, TV West, Radio West, Bukedde FM, Radio West, Etop FM, Rupiny FM, & the New Vision Facebook page.
The ex- lover of Bad Black, David Greengalgh has secured a court order to take over Meddie Ssentongo's property worth over sh7b.
Get a free copy in Saturday Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Subscribe for digital copy;http://epaper.
- Does Anti-mosquito paint work?
The acting Deputy Chief Justice Constance Byamugisha Kategaya has died.
By coming to Kampala, isn't he going to become a street beggar?
The Uganda Police Force will conduct a recruiting exercise on Friday, during which 2,189 successful applicants are expected to start their journey in joining the entity.
So, what do you think happened?
Criminal Investigations Directorate Spokesperson Charles Twiine noted that the suspects were clearly identified by the police cameras and intercepted |.
Dont just detain that evil idiot mugulawe oba mugutuwe fe we are ready to teach him moral ethics.
So who is to blame for these open manholes?
their advice can't make us more great or great again!
Riff with a friend or he thinks his boss is being unfair, but you should always be on his side and vice versa.
They're into first #UCL final since 2002.
If one keeps up the three days for the whole year, then they would have got blessings for an entire year.
Grab yourself a copy of today's New Vision and find out what's making news.
Ddumba was chosen last week by the Chancellor Prof.
89' ⚽️ - WOLVES LEADING - IS THIS THE WINNER?
The New Vision is with Ssekitooleko Emmanuel and Yakoobo Rumuri Sabiiti.
Museveni said the court has ignored African Union positions on African matters.
The study was undertaken by a group of researchers following findings that Ugandan men have a higher mortality while on antiretroviral therapy (ART), are under-represented in HIV treatment and seek treatment later when compared to women.
But if all the information in that booklet leads to this result.
"The president decided to suspend Prime Minister Mohamed Hussein Roble and stop his powers since he was linked with corruption," the office of the president said in a statement.
Nze nakoowa obubbi bwabwe, still by nw alot oil is out of da cntry and we re gaining nothing kati muffaki.
President Yoweri Museveni's speech at the golden jubilee celebrations outlined the goal for the next 50 years – to be a modern high income economy.
What if what if what if it was all God's plan?
"Your region is so lucky, you have one of the biggest parks in Uganda.
It said both boats had set off from Kiribati, about 650 kilometres (400 miles) away.
“As women, we fear to go to the far distant gardens to access food to feed our children.
8m), but are being sold at a reserve price of as low as sh120,000.
The She Cranes started their pursuit of a semi-final place at the Netball World Cup 2015 with a 59-53 defeat against Malawi on Tuesday.
And unfortunately, most diseases are far advanced by the time one gets symptoms”.
Our heads and not in our selfish leaders!
Yet she is a millionaire today.
"If wisdom prevails, we will pass through this situation in a peaceful manner".
The National Resistance Movement (NRM) has backed the Public Order Management Bill 2011 arguing that there is need to regulate public meetings.
Kisaka faulted for ignoring Museveni's guidance.
It has to be free and a democratic forum," he revealed.
President Yoweri Museveni: "The Iranians came here and they wanted to buy all our maize🌽 (.
The Police on Monday foiled and arrested three women in a demonstration organised by the wives of Police officers over UMEME power cuts in the Kireka, Naguru, Ntinda and Jinja Road Police barracks.
Zambian legend Kalusha Bwalya just sent this on Uganda vs Zambia game.
Since then, scenes of debilitating vulnerability, violence and lawlessness have become quite familiar in some parts of the country.
They are being held at Harare Central Police Station.
Read about how Kasibante handled this situation to find success in Pakasa tomorrow; only in The New Vision.
The New Vision is with Ainemugisha Innocent.
Pliz wait, we're still sorting out juliana's tragedy, aircraft stuck in mityana, praying for mao for quick recovery, stil getting headache why kagina is quitting, preparing to giv kudos to cheptegei.
The New Vision is with Toni Drati Dez.
All Africa Games 800m champion Negesa will not make it to London 2012 because of an Achilles tendon injury.
The former president of Uganda Federal Alliance (UFA) was received by the former state minister of sports, Charles Bakabulindi at NRM Rubaga offices in Kampala.
He has run away from the meagre pay.
The New Vision added 4 new photos — in Soroti.
The New Vision is with Gilbert Junior Buchunju and 4 others.
The Sunday Times said it had obtained millions of emails and other documents relating to alleged payments made by Mohamed Bin Hammam, then a FIFA executive member for Qatar.
We thought that the putting of osma bin laden off action marked the end of terrorism.
Earlier, he encouraged the team.
As the president is addressing tomorrow we pray God guides him to remove curfew and open churches and for schools it's too late to open them.
Uganda is set to announce the second competitive oil exploration bidding round that will see new fields opened up in 2020.
Makerere University students called off their strike Thursday, following the university's decision to extend the tuition payment deadline.
According to a tweet posted by Umeme, other areas affected include Katooke, Jinja Kaloli, Wamala, Tula Rd, Lugoba, Kijapani and parts of Kazo.
Burial will take place in Mityana on Thursday and the body of the late is at the National Theatre this Tuesday evening for public viewing.
Its a very nice painting.
Nancy Reagan, the former actress and first lady who nurtured the political career of husband Ronald Reagan over three decades during which he became governor of California and U.S. president, has died.
1986: Yoweri Museveni's rebel NRA army conquerors Kampala, Uganda on SUNDAY January 26, 1986.
Pope Francis is TIME’s Person of the Year for 2013.
After Julian Assange appealed the District Court's decision the Court of Appeal also rejected his claim.
He has to follow directives whether denying or not otherwise Allan would be out.
The New Vision added 25 new photos — with Paul Maina and Dan Evidence Kagoro.
The New Vision is with Moses Wani Mali and 4 others.
Is generated in Uganda is going to waste.
The New Vision is with NyoweAdolf Opposition Leader ArraliEmanzi and Peter KP.
Gloria Kyakuwaire, a young girl who has endured a life of pain and stigma because an eye swelling, is about to see her fortune change after meeting one of the richest people in Uganda, Dr. Sudhir Ruparelia.
The New Vision added 9 new photos — at Rubaga.
The meeting with the Czech deputy defence minister that took place at the SFC headquarters in Entebbe, comes two days after the first son also met a delegation of Russian military experts and they discussed bilateral military issues.
Richard Byarugaba is back as MD of #NSSF.
There those with grades but very useless being.
Werder Bremen defender Papy Djilobodji has been banned for three games after making a throat-slitting gesture during Saturday's 1-1 draw with Mainz.
The New Vision added 21 new photos — with Wilfred Sanya.
So sorry for you man.
Subscribe for an online copy on https://vpg.
Proscovia Nalweyiso has tasked Dr. Col.
High Court nullifies Peter Sematimba's election as Busiro South MP for lack of requisite academic qualifications.
Police is hunting for panga wielding thugs allegedly behind the attack on Kabowa Police post on Thursday, last week-http://bit.
Why WOULD YOU STEAL AT CHURCH?
1998: President Bill Clinton says "I want to say one thing to the American people; I did not have sexual relations with that woman, Miss Lewinsky" .
Mbarara Chief Magistrate's court has today dismissed the election petition filed by the Rwampara County MP Vincent Mujuni Kyamadidi seeking a recount of the ballots cast in last week's parliamentary elections.
Other words she wants gone: meme, surreal, ginormous, meta, iconic, deplane, Big Pharma, It's all good.
TODAY's Front Page of The NEW VISION.
Stupid pipo, r u nt paid, y cant u buy em 4 yo slf.
Raf jets were scrambled on Wednesday after two Russian military aircraft were seen off the Cornwall coast, the Ministry of Defence says.
That'S the freedom Gen Elly Tumwine was talking about.
Album Fare Thee Well Brig.
The Uganda People's Congress party president, Jimmy Akena, has advised politicians aspiring for various posts not to waste resources where they don't have relevance.
All details in the e-paper via bit.
Meanwhile, Spain have hit form at the wrong time.
The New Vision is with Friyyo Wízkìd Prëzzô and Kathryn Mayega Nakigyo.
Are Ugandan egg/sperm donors being exploited?
The first crew for China's new space station prepared to blast off this week for the latest step in Beijing's ambitious programme to establish itself as a space power.
In fact, saying men like condoms is an oxymoron.
its ubsurd May there soul rest in eternal peace.
Aziz Kayondo's long-range goal makes it 4-1 to The Hippos in the CECAFA U-20 Challenge Cup final.
Stanbic slashes interest rate to 15.
Kayihura knows why he is being held says Gen.
What is Green economy?
An Islamic State fighter from the US was arrested in Iraq after emerging from territory controlled by the militant group in Syria, a local commander told Kurdish media.
9% or over sh55 trillion.
The East African heads of State will meet in Arusha, Tanzania on Wednesday to among other things discuss a possible ban on the importation of used clothes, shoes and cars in the region.
7b) each and $500,000 (sh1.
All we need is financial discipline from those who govern this country.
For Africa they rush to criticise, what about guatnam where he promised to close up to now still open for human beings.
We can put some flesh to the bare bones of knowledge that we have had about our city.
They don't know "Omala".
They look like they are the benifury of states house or the grounds chicken of the out going families.
Kampala, Wednesday AFP- Uganda's army confirmed Wednesday that top Lord's Resistance Army rebel Dominic Ongwen was in the custody of US special forces in Central African Republic.
There is a need for a policy to curb teenage pregnancies in schools.
Inflation rises to 8 percent in September from from 7.
The traditional leaders in Uganda have joined Government towards ending the continued violence against women and girls (VAWGs).
My husband and I, have always disagreed on a number of things for the nine years we have been together.
If she is sworn in, Suluhu will make history as the first female president in Tanzania.
Ths guy is ril good, i like hz character.
When she complains about her difficult students, he counters, "My art's been peed on".
Click on this link for the full statement:.
The ministry said Kampala recorded the most cases at 781 from 702 on Friday, followed again by Wakiso at 303 from 231 and Mbarara at 22 from 24.
What can we Diaspora be of help to Moma Africa?
The lie of devil.
She spends all her time in bed, cannot pick anything for herself even from the fridge and when I don’t do all she wants, she says she wants to go to her home.
So sorry 4 wat happened!
In western, Bulisa was no better, with just 3.
It's the only effective control measure compatible with life style of Ugandans!
But we were coerced by the nurse and her colleagues to take the body”.
Former Vice-Presdient Specioza Wandira Kazibwe has asked the Government not to build more hospitals.
here's the short cut, thanks to The New Vision #NewVisionXtra Details here.
Bars in Kampala and other urban centres will soon be required to close at 10:00pm when the amended Enguli (liquor) Act is passed into law.
However, I felt guilty for only five minutes and buried the remorse.
#Nvchristmaswish: Zawedde Christine, a roadside 'gonja' seller and single mother with four children.
, Development story sir Pro.
That was his first choice of course at Dar-es-salaam University.
Local musician arrested for reckless driving.
Three university officials grilled over Makerere fire details, in the New Vision.
Go go Katikiro go.
-Who is the new Miss Uganda?
The New Vision added 3 new photos — with Prince Danny Quevans and 10 others.
The New Vision is with Haijahlisi Obitha Dennis.
In today's paper, get Muntu's stand on Ingrid.
I have never seen any of your posts that favours me.
0800385385 that would be better than posting.
The New Vision is with Aks Evelyne Mayega and Zephania Obbo.
Billions around the world again marked Christmas under the shadow of the coronavirus.
Baguma is a big man a D.P.C who knows the police motto ``PROTECT AND SAVE `` Baguma should first explain on the deth of Betty Katusabe very well.
The New Vision is with Swethoney Lili and Öct O Püs.
She was very close to a friend of mine to the extent that he gave her food for free at his hotel.
Corruption cited in teachers’ online registration at Kyambogo University.
"Elections will not take place in 2015 - the period has been extended 2 or 3 years because we want to tackle reconciliation among our people," was the message attributed to Salva Kiir.
#Rwanda President #Kagame becomes the first East African to be issued a visa upon arrival in Uganda using his ID card as a travel document.
Celtic were crowned champions for a record-equalling ninth consecutive season as the Scottish Premiership campaign was declared over on Monday.
Dropping out of P7 for lack of fees, he suffered countless setbacks before he could find his feet.
The Libyan Government and Muslims of the Old Kampala faction are locked in a standoff over the name of the gigantic Gaddafi mosque.
“We have got to separate ourselves from mediocre work,” Kagina told a meeting of development partners on Wednesday morning.
The ties between UPDF and France have brought benefits.
Overall, the US contributed around 42 million metric tons (MMT) in plastic waste in 2016 -- more than twice as much as China and more than the countries of the European Union combined, according to the analysis.
Good news for local contractors as UNRA awards oil roads deals worth billions of shillings.
The report by the UN Food and Agriculture Organisation says that eating insects could help boost nutrition and reduce pollution.
Buy a copy of today's Sunday Vision for the full story.
-Low impact – it causes less strain and injuries than most other forms of exercise.
Full details in the New Vision-https://vpg.
Don'T get stuck with the thing that ruins your day.
The New Vision is with Wandukwa Emmanuel Dasantoskay.
The Islamic State group claimed in a video that it has beheaded a second Japanese hostage, drawing international condemnation and outrage from a visibly upset Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who denounced it as a "heinous and despicable" act.
makes its naked these wild pig who done raped this innocent girl.
However, recent research is working to stop these diseases.
Nabwiire says that she was alerted by the screams of frightened neighbours who saw a figure on fire running through gardens.
However there are some Ugandans that I know will feel bad about this.
#Burkina Journalists flee the national television headquarters as gunshots are fired in Ouagadougou.
We can become consumed by what WE THINK he/she wants, as opposed to tuning in to what truly resonates with the other person.
After it's injected the drug destroys users' skin, turning it green and scaly.
Visit our shop at Equatorial Mall Room Number 152.
16 For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.
I hate this nonsense.
Italy on Saturday shut all non-essential factories after recording another record coronavirus toll that brought its fatalities to 4,825 -- over a third of the world's total and a grim reminder that the pandemic remains out of control.
There is a reason why we need a New World Order, where by we need one government system, this old system had failed to orginse the world.
What memories come to your mind at the mention of the late Nelson Mandela?
Emmanuel Mboggo Nsubuga, 76, who succumbed to prostate cancer on Saturday was buried Monday at.
“In this ending year, we have witnessed those who should be at the forefront of investigating and bringing to book those involved in corruption doing their utmost to block, disrupt and frustrate investigations and prosecutions".
Thousands of Ugandans have thronged the airstrip and are now braving sweltering temperatures in what many see as history in the making.
Grab yourself a copy of the New Vision for a free Toto Magazine for the little ones.
Mario Balotelli found himself on the receiving end of yet more racist abuse on Sunday after a jokey reference to Manchester United's shock defeat by Leicester sparked a flurry of invective on social media.
3% as of September last year.
Commissioning of a mega university hospital in Kampala is set for July.
It found that I had more than the legal amont of alcohol limit and had to spend the night in jail, all because he was trying to prove a point.
At least seven students who were arrested during the Monday Makerere University demostration against an attempted graduation fees increment face charges.
Father, if I could only be quarter the man that you are, I would be the greatest man in this generation.
I'M watching the news in my house in U.S. and I haven't heard about this.
And government will say they are funding them.
Look at your character as well young lady.
Here is the traffic flow plan.
What is wrong with Ugandan music?
Have the parents relegated their duties?
The motion that had been moved by Obongi County MP Kaps Fungaroo said that the appointments committee should not approve the newly appointed ministers until the president appoints a cabinet which is representative of all regions of the country.
Secondary school drop-out rates continue to rise in Uganda.
Fm listener Wins Cash.
No terrorists negotiations, then 1US SOLDIER FOR 5 TERRORISTS.
President Yoweri Museveni has warned against grabbing Indians’ property, managed under the Departed Asian Property Custodian Board (DAPCB), saying fraudsters will face serious consequences.
France is sending about 1,000 extra troops to the Central African Republic to help support African peacekeepers in trying to return order to the country.
The National Physical Planning Board (NPPB) has issued directives stopping approvals for construction of the new fuel stations across the country.
The New Vision is with Brian Simon.
-Water-Thirsty oil sector: How will it be quenched?
L drivers, Pool Management, Gardeners, Security Services etc.
This is what is happening at the Serena Conference Room.
Maureen Nakatudde brings you some of the issues that rub people the wrong way.
Despite his commitment to fielding a joint presidential candidate for the 2021 elections being questioned, four-time contestant Dr Kizza Besigye says he’s open to the idea.
According to a study, a woman is more responsive to romance when her stomach is full.
Matia Kasaija : Agric, the main stream of the vast majority of Ugandans, is now at risk because of excessive reliance on rain-fed farming.
Dear parents never do for a child what he is capable of doing for himself.
Two refugees confirmed dead, 8 rushed to Fort Portal in critical condition following a fatal road accident on Monday evening 12 km from Kagadi on the Kagadi-Hoima road.
"We have to get rid of self-centredness.
Raining in Kampala since morning.
"Four of our men are injured of whom one is critical" Umar Tufail, a senior local police officer told AFP.
As the joint operation against Allied Democratic Forces (ADF) in eastern DR Congo enters into the third week, the DRC political opposition has supported the presence of the Uganda People’s Defence Forces (UPDF).
#Kenyan police car clamped.
A #Ghana king who rules his people via Skype, e-mail and phone from #Germany, has been the victim of burglary.
The training was conducted with assistance from Makerere University business school (MUBS) and Prison Education Project(PEP) USA.
Follow Link to subscribe for digital copy;http://bit.
Share this message with them for it could be their time to shine.
Photos by Fred Turyakira Kabango.
Are safe from organ harvesting?
#Urbanupdates: Kampala Lord Mayor Erias Lukwago has appointed Lord Councillor Doreen Nyanjura for Deputy Lord Mayor to replace Sarah Kanyike.
1887 - Jean-Marie Muzeeyi, beheaded at Mengo.
Ugandans back to the ballot to elect their district leaders today.
I can see church's empty because of covid.
#Nv block these Nigerian thieves.
Hope it wont be swindled!
In Sunday Vision this week: Baby Francis recently celebrated his second birthday but it was not with bouncing castles and face painting.
Request for your favourite Toniks' hits.
As the country prepares to start receiving its nationals stranded abroad due to the COVID-19 Pandemic, the Ministry of Health has clarified that these Ugandans will have to book their own flights.
When respondents were asked why they are enthusiastic about voting, 48% cited the need to exercise their right to vote, 33% said they wanted change and 5% reasoned that they had to support their party candidates.
Despite the authorities ordering its closure over the non-payment of $6.
The lucky winners were given prizes ranging from Air tickets; sofa set chairs and 43 inch flat screen Television sets.
Upc rubbishes shadow cabinet https://vpg.
In a special plenary session Wednesday afternoon chaired by deputy Speaker Jacob Oulanyah, MPs hailed Odit’s contributions to the legislature where he served for 10 years.
The rest, thanks for a great work.
Our highlight was a participant who entered the room not facing the judges.
#Kenya'S interior ministry says the fire in the #westgate mall has been put out.
Have plenty of spices, fresh herbs, and lemons at your cooking beck and call.
Parenting tip: Pick your battles.
Now I have started to speak to him again.
Such problems are solved legally not prayers!
A FOUR-year-old boy has been sentenced to life in prison for crimes he is said to have committed before his second birthday.
Think wt he meant ?
Three students are in Police detention over a fire that gutted a girls’ dormitory at Kawempe Muslim SS Sunday evening.
It was about three and a half months ago when hell broke loose for the once innocent UCU girl.
#TakeTheStage #TPF6 Best Performance so far.
Kizza Besigye, the IPC flag-bearer in this year's presidential race, has called for calm during the Friday elections http://ow.
The New Vision is with Izomafi Obanya and 3 others.
"There were 27 people killed in the protests and their bodies are at the Omdurman hospital," the source told Reuters, asking not to be named.
Rwanda says they have received up to 20,000 refugees so far.
"what they take in they don't bring out.
Assistant DPP Rachel Bikhole: "We believe in prosecution-guided cases.
The Supreme Mufti Sheikh Siliman Kasule Ndirangwa has arrived to lead prayers at Kibuli Mosque.
Aliociri said the party leadership had ignored them.
As the 2016 political landscape becomes more defined, the Mufti of Uganda, Sheikh Shaban Mubajje, has warned against turning mosques into political stages.
This sciencetists of Ug are defending a vaccine that they didn't manufacture.
Yeah hockey should be the first one.
Am overwhelm and surprised by the physical structure of children in Uganda, bearded children dressed in jackets and some other big breasted female children in bitenge are indeed bold!
In Jinja district, the incumbent LC5 chairperson Titus Kisambira lost to Moses Batwala by 16,779 votes in a four-man race.
All taxis, buses, Tuk-Tuks and Boda-Bodas suspended.
Mps ask museveni to explain ministerial appointments-https://vpg.
The Director of Public Prosecution (DPP) Richard Butera has dropped mast theft charges against former minister for presidency Kabakumba Masiko.
The apparent killing of 47-year-old Kenji Goto -- the second beheading of a Japanese hostage in a week -- was announced in a video released online that included no mention of a Jordanian pilot also being held by IS, whom the jihadist group has threatened to kill.
Life z what u do today not tomorrow.
"It'S a decision Uganda is taking and the key actors are informed on the way forward".
The European Medicines Agency (EMA) however said that after an investigation it could not "definitively" rule out a connection to a particularly rare type of blood disorder.
A one-and-half year- old baby boy is stranded at Mulago after he was dumped by his mother at Mulago hospital's Labour Ward.
Angolan President Jose Eduardo dos Santos said on Friday he plans to step down in 2018 after being at the helm since 1979, making him one of Africa's longest-serving leaders.
The New Vision is with Patrick Bwango and Alinaitwe Othneal.
Public accountants are the latest group to ask for a salary hike after Accountant General (AG) in the Ministry of Finance, Gustavio Bwoch, asked the Government to increase the salaries of public accountants in order to reduce corruption.
They did not choose to be born so.
#Uganda'S Parliament has commended Rotarians for providing crucial services to vulnerable people, as Rotary International president Shekhar Mehta visits.
IRA is trying to enrich the insurance company.
But it also proposes to buyers a "rare offer" -- "when you buy this house, you can ask the owner to marry you", alongside a picture of Wina Lia, a 40-year-old widow and beauty salon owner, leaning against a car in front of the house.
Use a tooth pick to clean it out.
The truck sports radical LED lighting, a sleek and aerodynamic design, and radar and camera systems to help the thing drive itself—at least on highways.
The New Vision is with Senior A Sirnegerboy and Irene Sande.
From N200, 000-N400, 000.
Find out more here:.
Uganda has registered a key landmark with two of its competitions being granted IAAF ranking status by the world athletics governing body.
President Obama and other world leaders held a G-7 meeting last night in The Hague without Russia.
The New Vision is with Mobagi Josephat Momanyi Momanyi and 3 others.
Ig'nant Nigga like I would pro'bly put that money into building a small to medium sized manufacturing plant to employ a few of our jobless youths buh what do I know?
When burglars in San Bernardino County, California, realized the computers they'd stolen were from a nonprofit that helps victims of sexual violence, they returned them -- along with an apology note that may restore your faith in humanity.
@Freddie where, as i can read and spell.
Kcca are hoping to return to winning ways after that 1-1 draw at Wakiso Giants earlier this week.
The other victims -- 64 Brazilians, five Bolivians and a Venezuelan -- were flown home on a series of flights throughout the day.
Lukyamuzi trecked for 3km in a protest match.
The New Vision is with Mbabazi Violah and 14 others.
"While we are postponing, life speeds by," Lucius Annaeus Seneca.
The results were announced minutes after the high court refused a last-ditch attempt to block their release and allow time for a recount.
After the murder of his father, young Arthur's power-hungry uncle Vortigern seizes control of the crown.
In MWALIMU: Should your child sit for private exams?
He was driving an Energy Ministry vehicle, a Nissan double cabin pickup, reg.
A group of residents in Bushenyi/Ishaka municipality are demonstrating against the repossession of the properties of late rally-driver Charles Muhangi.
The humanities shall come automaticaly because they back sciences.
In 2011 she was crowned the World's Tallest Professional Model by Guinness World Records.
A two-year wait for justice in Kenya following terror attacks near the coastal town of Mpeketoni has ended in frustration for police and victims' families.
your future is personal.
‘Pray for me and should anything happen, please make sure that you give the children the gift of education,’ were his last words to me,” she recalls.
I’m sick of being alone and depressed.
Resist growing your child too fast.
Go to hell we are tied.
Women groups show cased enterprising products that they can do so as to fight poverty and be independent women economically and entertained themselves to show their independence.
In other words, Climb the hieghts of success to be respected; Have money and position.
The Rukungiri municipality MP, Rolland Mugume Kaginda has lashed out at religious leaders for not supporting condom use.
Sorry dear but dats part of lyf .
Deputy President; William Ruto has asked the ICC to adjourn his trial until a time when the security issue is sorted in Kenya.
#Kyambogo University Lecturers have vowed not to go back to lecture rooms over a court ruling and the University Council’s ruling that Chancellor Prof Isaiah Omolo Ndiege to resume work as the University’s Vice Chancellor.
Differences erupted between members when they sensed her husband eyeing for Presidential candidature.
The closed bars are among the seven bars sued alongside KCCA and NEMA by the residents of Kololo.
London2012 Kipsiro (lying 5th) has 7 laps to go.
Fernando Torres today received a huge let-off when the FA decided he will face no further action for scratching Spurs defender Jan Vertonghen.
The old man is in his last days.
Because someone struck oil.
The New Vision is with Catarina Change Selujjogi.
The NRM caucus has resolved to pass the Traditional and Cultural Leaders Bill with minor amendments before the February 18, general elections.
By Ismael KasoohaA 21-year-old young man has been arrested by the Police for allegedly hacking his wife and child to death.
#Kano — Boko Haram gunmen on Sunday opened fire in a college dormitory in northeast Nigeria as the students slept, killing more than 50 people, in the latest violence blamed on the Islamist insurgents.
⚽️ ZIZOU IS BACK!
Lord Bless their journey for they are your children and no one else can protect them other than You Lord.
Many dignitaries including the vice president Edward Kiwanuka Ssekandi were in attendance.
‘The jobs will be advertised to only Ugandans, so candidates can have an opportunity to apply for the positions for which they were locked out earlier’ – Rebecca Kadaga, East African Affairs Minister.
The long-awaited third summit of the Inter-party Orgaisation for Dialogue (IPOD) has kicked off at Kololo Independence Grounds in Kampala.
Monday Atigo has been re-elected the president of the Uganda North America Association (UNAA) 2017-2019 beating rival Dr. David Busulwa Kawuuma in a tightly contested election at the InterContinental Hotel in Miami, Florida, USA, this morning.
In New Vision, we bring to you details in the probe committee’s report.
He also signed with Makerere University to help young people in the kingdom to improve on their enterprising innovations.
Drugs worth millions of shillings were on Monday destroyed at Mulago Hospital in Kampala.
The New Vision is with Jane Joan and 5 others.
In motoring, read about the "Five common Emergencies in cars and how to handle them".
As the organizers of this year’s event set for the June 3 event , the Archdiocese has kicked off with thatching the roof sheltering the open altar at the Martyrs’ man-made lake.
The Uganda Peoples’ Defence forces-UPDF has secured Moroto-Kotido road, a major connection to North Karamoja from Sebei and Bugishu regions.
The newspaper report alleged that a police assistant commissioner, rangers in the parks and wildlife department, an Asian businessman and several junior officers were being investigated for the recent poisoning of at least 60 elephants in separate incidents.
The smart phone app will enable customers not only watch 32 games of the World Cup but they will also be able to live stream and download a number of video-on-demand.
Images taken on March 6 showed that a rail-mounted structure to transfer rockets to the launching pad appeared to have been completed and may now be operational.
In fact, the Venoms are sustaining pressure for an opener.
Last week the Police and Yes We Can Alliance (YWC) launched a road safety campaign for the festive season.
President Yoweri Museveni has been ranked top in fostering unity and reconciliation among the six presidents in the East African Community (EAC).
Comedian Paddy Bitama is dead.
The Police are holding two more people in connection to the altering and forging students’ results at Makerere University.
The authorities need to plan and find a way of accommodating all classes of citizens!
When these mafias want to steal money, they start surging the numbers by themselves just to impose lockdown inorder for them to pursue their greedy interest.
Job shadow other employees in your company to learn about different jobs.
The New Vision is with Aine Nyeusi and Wafula Dan.
A school girl sells a cock on her way to Agweng trading centre in Lira district during a market day on Saturday Sept 24, 2016.
As they geared up for the much-anticipated jazz concert slated for April 30 featuring Angelique Kidjo, Isaiah Katumwa together with saxophonists Chris Lang and Darren Rahn decided to give back to young talented musicians and instrumentalists.
In the New Vision, find out the objective of the retreat.
What did the poor and innocent boy do to deserve this?
At one point, she was admitted to hospital for two weeks after being beaten by a neighbour.
Football is played on the pitch and not the courts of law’.
Beside the most important part of Islam which is been malign because of such people is that Islam in no way, in no circumstances, in no situation or excuse allow to harm any unarmed, non-warrior, senior people, specially women and children even during war against your enemy.
One of the few patriotic african Leaders.
The incident occurred on Monday morning.
If lecturers don’t want to go back to work, let them go and rear goats.
The winner of the Race walks away with a fully paid trip to Dar-es-salaam in Tanzania courtesy of Air Uganda and Serena Hotel.
What IS WRONG WITH UMEME?
President Donald Trump named Amy Coney Barrett to the Supreme Court, setting in motion a rush by Republicans to cement a conservative majority on the court on the eve of a tense and potentially disputed US election.
This brings the number of rejected ministers to six.
Grief-Stricken friends and relatives gathered yesterday at Holy Trinity Church in Kamwokya, to pay their last respect to the late, Willington Jackson Sentamu, father of Self-styled ghetto president’s Kyagulanyi Sentamu alias Bobi Wine.
Juma Hassan Nyene, the regional police spokesperson says the fire started as a result of reckless behavior of the wife cooking who left the stove unattended to.
This he said after meeting a woman collecting water that oozed out of a hill at Riwo village in Bukwo district.
There can never be employment guarantee in private sector.
"Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise," Sigmund Freud.
How to make money.
Oh my motherland Ug the pearl of Africa!
Your PARLIAMENT GUIDE; New Vision has listed the longest serving female MPs.
They have already rigged for her.
6 most outstanding will go for a week-long, all-expenses-paid study tour to Ireland, courtesy of New Vision, the Irish Embassy in Uganda, Trocaire and Simba Travelcare, one of Uganda’s leading tour and travel management companies.
Read full article in the New Vision today-https://vpg.
“Cars get routine check-ups.
The Ministry of Health, Ministry of ICT and National Guidance and the Konrad-Adenauer-Stiftung (KAS) are collaborating in an effort to fight the COVID-19 pandemic by holding a webinar "The Science behind COVID-19".
Countries with over 50 planes handling 120 destinations are grappling with aviation losses.
The New Vision is with Kissa David.
Anyone asking for cash to perform their duties should be reported on Umeme confidential line” - Peter Kaujju, Head of Communications.
'The Omicron variant perhaps is one of the easiest to detect because you can easily screen for it and Uganda is already carrying out enough measures' - Jane Ruth Aceng, Health Minister.
Should the president take over the control of Kampala for half-a-year?
Cream together the butter, white sugar, and brown sugar until smooth.
Of those who saw witchcraft, majority were aged between 18 and 20 years, followed by those in the 41-45 age group and others between 36 and 40 years.
The New Vision is with Kaaya Shamim.
BIG ON SUNDAY'S MISS IT.
Assistant Inspector General of Police, Edward Ochom, announced that the crime of stealing boda bodas had resumed across the country.
Africa has a lot.
[Sponsored]: “Surprisingly classy, upscale and luxurious.
The election to be president of world football's governing body will be held in Zurich in June next year.
The New Vision is with Muzoora T Moses.
We are always at pain trying to protect the country.
"This discovery represents a new benchmark for the oldest preserved evidence of life on Earth," Professor Martin Julian Van Kranendonk, a geology expert at the University of New South Wales and one of the study's co-authors, said in a statement.
We celebrate the hijab, which is associated with the Islamic culture introduced in Uganda in the mid-19th century.
Lwebuga Tony Anthony not forcing people to love him some love him some dont even there is a saying tekiwomera matama abiri like me lwebuga tony anthony fa day u'll die i'll cerebrate coz wantama era singa siki.
Plant more trees and save the environment from dangers of degradation.
Uganda is like a market place .
Let the children identify a family member who has a particular need and think of a way to help them.
A total of 242 passengers escaped unhurt.
Everyone dreads the prospect of losing 1 because the process of getting a replacement is daunting or is it?
This yet indicative of our MPs being dumb and out of touch.
mobi or SMS Tusker 7 to 8338 for #TeamDaisy.
The New Vision is with Bagonza Gilbert.
In Massa’s absence, Emmanuel Okwi will lead Cranes attack and will be supported by either Hamis Kiiza or Frank Kalanda against the Senegalese defence, whose average height is 6ft plus.
Some are over-the-top silly, others read like material for her performances as a monologist and may be even better live.
The purpose of the medical camp was to reach out to different communities with a specific focus on people who cannot easily access doctors.
I really like him and can't stop thinking/hoping that this will turn into more.
Gilbert Bukenya of all charges related to the CHOGM scandal.
The New Vision is with Nam Taifah.
Since the start of 2015, there have been many upheavals in humanitarian work.
The country's ambassador to South Africa Isaac Moyo on Friday said Harare would begin the repatriation of about 1,000 Zimbabwean citizens affected by the attacks in the eastern port city of Durban on Sunday.
It at a later date.
Matia Kasaija: As part of the efforts to reduce cost of electricity, Government is engaging the financiers of the Bujagali Hydropower Project to refinance its debt.
The songbird touched down Entebbe Airport on Monday afternoon.
I wasn't in the least being rude Ms Gloria !
President Museveni has spoken out on the plight of former VP Gilbert Bukenya, saying that consultations he made have revealed that Bukenya had no sustainable case to answer http://see.
The "frog egg pudding" consists of a miniature jelly frog and some smooth almond tofu representing spawn in a pond.
Rwanda on Friday partially suspended BBC broadcasts over a controversial documentary on the central African country's leadership and the 1994 genocide.
The New Vision added 45 new photos.
Ondoga, who has been on remand since October last year, is facing charges of alleged failure to perform his duties and theft of food in connection with the operations while serving under AMISOM in Somalia.
The New Vision is with Brenda K Senyonga.
The New Vision is with Edreen Walker and 10 others.
A total of 51,735km of public roads have not been maintained for a number of years, despite an increase in the budget allocation into the development of the roads sub-sector.
The Karamoja Police spokesperson, AIP Mike Longole, said the gun [AK47] continues to threaten security which worsens the life of civilians in Karamoja.
mr luswata albert of katemba mu kooti olinda ki!
#Epaper: Get the NEW VISION direct on your Smartphone via-https://vpg.
In MWALIMU: Counting on rural children study centres for nursery schooling.
Here is the thing: Except for condoms, no contraceptive method protects a woman against HIV or other sexually transmitted infections.
Nicknamed the "White Ant", he was himself a child soldier before he became one of the LRA's most senior commanders.
What should be done to enhance reading in Uganda?
This Sunday, we bask IN HIS PRESENCE as Glory, the atmosphere of heaven, ushers us into 2018.
New Vision you must be an "enemy" of Kayihura.
After over 40 years in marriage without children, the couple – residents of the UK – were last Sunday celebrating their twins’ baptism at their home church in Namasuba Kikajjo, Wakiso.
Is this news or is it new?
Read about how city businessman, Jamada Ssebanakitta, 44, popularly known as ‘Big Daddy’, fell in love with a Senior Five school girl who had no interest in love and 18 years later, they are married.
And I mean very pretty.
The government has continued to slowly mess up the education sector; what were they thinking of when they introduced shifts in lower levels of education.
The New Vision is with Andrew Munyaneeza and Kabuye Rashid.
Write the schedule on a backboard or a piece of paper and hang it where your child will always see it.
What is that 10% going to cater for if they cant show accountability for what is already there?
Where did he get the virus from?
Watch Bukedde TV on the go — .
Mine nicknamed me Mango, coz I fell off a mango tree due to love for yellow!
🔺3 are among contacts & alerts, all from Kyotera District.
Uganda is now battling the second wave of the virus.
Is that also news?
He iz very luck?
This day, Allah getting angry, so stop travelling, hpe you understand?
Vision Group offer sh30m and NSSF offers sh16.
I congratulate him upon his consecration.
Greece'S Finance Minister Yanis Varoufakis has said he is resigning, in a shock announcement despite the government having secured a resounding victory for the 'No' vote in the country's bailout resignation.
A bill passed by the Gujarat state assembly late Monday also requires all existing government members to declare within six months whether they have a toilet at home, or face disqualification.
#16Thnationalprayerbreakfast now happening at Hotel Africana.
Plantains, commonly referred to as gonja, are a popular delicacy in Uganda.
You made your presence on this planet known world wide till today.
The shrine was built at the spot where most of the martyrs, who had been canonised in 1967, were murdered on Kabaka Mwanga’s orders in 1885.
Over the last six months to November, the economy has posted rising employment levels as the country continues to recover from the pandemic.
Mandela on life support, Zuma cancels a trip abroad.
The Chairperson of the African Union Commission, Mrs Zuma, has just made her remarks.
The New Vision is with Tusiime Olimi Erisa and Kiiza Emmanuel.
They are sensitised so most of them go for treatment unlike other regions.
The New Vision is with Kim Strassel and Akii-bua Maureen.
"Myanmar President U Htin Kyaw resigned on March 21, 2018," a statement says -- see more at: https://goo.
High Commissioner Joan Rwabyomere hosted a party attended by hundreds of Ugandans based in the UK.
Burkina Faso began two days of mourning on Sunday after 41 people died in the latest attack by suspected jihadists in the troubled and largely unprotected north.
Details in Sunday Vision.
The tombs which are the burial grounds for the four great Buganda kings were destroyed by fire in 2010.
Say NO in 2016.
500,000 MORE GET FREE HIV DRUGS.
The New Vision added 51 new photos.
Coupled with this is the desire to look young and beautiful.
Musambwa Island, which lies in Lake Victoria, is a breeding ground for birds that migrate from Europe and other parts of Africa and is internationally recognised as an Important Bird Area (IBA) designated by Ramsar Convention and Bird Life International, according to Fauna and Flora International Country representative Dr Arthur Mugisha.
Never join if not ready to join and serve!
“I have a responsibility to organise credible elections next year.
#Humour: Ugandan dads now after the "killer maid" incident.
has M7 bewitched Ugandans?
Central African President was asked in a BBC Interview if he wants to capture the LRA leader; Joseph Kony.
The New Vision is with Peter Paul Walubo Munyegera and 15 others.
Photos: Business has resumed in downtown Kampala as many Ugandans continue to celebrate the festive season.
Clinton mentioned the attacks in Brussels during her victory speech, saying it was a "time for America to lead, not cower".
You’ll find that it’s actually freeing, and your partner will appreciate it and start taking after your example.
(In the Picture: A picture taken on December 20, 2011 shows Democratic Republic of Congo President Joseph Kabila reviewing troops in Kinshasa during his swearing-in ceremony.
The UPDF Special Forces Commander Brig.
The government hates competition.
God of the city.
Police arrest 12 over London terror attack.
Who wants a Cabbage in a bar!
Check the Ug emergency numbers, not all children can put it to memory.
So have u enforced hygiene in Kampala markets that are very congested and having so many school children and their parents.
Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) says no amount of defections can weaken the party and it will be a matter of time before they are back and functioning again despite losing one of their top leaders last week.
On his return home from a medical trip in Nairobi, Kampala Lord Mayor Erias Lukwago has urged for an increase in Uganda's health budget.
They should be asking themselves why people have lost confidence in the courts of law.
Do you remember this?
No it depends on which place of work u need help so  educational background comes next en da positioning of urself 2 talt on 4ne depends on ur wish.
Follow this link to subscribe;http://epaper.
Because there is a bunch of ignorant people like you and Marilyn K. Belinda who still believe Development comes hand in hand with mornachs!
The class only operates in the evenings because during day time, the children are rearing goats.
That is the part I personally fear most.
She says she will hit the road again soon.
Find out what they discussed in New Vision- #EPAPER https://epaper.
The New Vision is with Quinto J Laquins.
The Vision Group CEO Robert Kabushenga after his appointment to the Buganda Sports Fund has put up a committee that will organize the Kabaka’s birth day run that is to take place on the April 6, 2014.
And don’t just think about it…actively go out and seek the answers.
Ugandans react to news that Col.
Barbed wire, electric fences and alarms.
"This is a parable.
His brother, Keita Anguzu, said Bayo succumbed to pancreatic cancer at Mulago Hospital on Friday morning.
Aha this is the Alex jacana family, susan nalwoga!
The participants should take note.
Uruguay'S President Jose Mujica says he has been offered $1m (£630,000) for his vintage Volkswagen Beetle.
Create jobs ma friends otherwise congs to u all.
Different routes to a university degree.
And I thought kaweesi job is to take care of policemen recruitment, discipline, training etc so what is he doing policing journalists and operations matters?
The New Vision is with James Musinguzi.
China to fund its construction from Mombasa to Kigali via Kampala.
We all make mistakes along the journey to financial independence.
I am ahamed Arua about 2 be acity still having people with problem of papers and yet we have people with phd.
They are seventh and eighth of 10 children.
It'S good for you and your pockets certainly not good for her.
soon but take Drs orders pliz.
Vote for the best personalities of 2016, fill out a coupon in the New Vision paper.
Early in the year, Shell V-Power consumers were invited to join the V-Power club and enjoy the benefits that come with V-Power a part from cleaning your engine.
See what happened to the owners after they appeared in court.
7 percent rise in passenger numbers, its operator said on Monday.
Yes, it’s bound to happen to every one of us.
For 48 hours he is tasked to ferry; strands, stems and leaves to weave an up a class home”.
If I walk, does it mean I will go to heaven?
Today, she owns five schools and a construction company.
The practice is on and am feeling much better now.
Portugal legend Cristiano Ronaldo is the all-time record goalscorer at European Championships, and also the first player to feature in five finals tournaments.
Grab yourself a copy of Sunday Vision for details #EPAPER - https://vpg.
The final list will be published in The Beat on December 25th, 2015.
U sold suarez, b4 the cock crosses the road u sold sterling!
But he feared Obote,s rip re-election.
this is the most unprofessional question ever asked by a highly regarded media like New Vision.
Following the release of 99 buses by the Uganda Revenue Authority (URA) last week, directors of the bus company vowed not to resume business, until a new contract is signed by the Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA).
The coup leader,however, says he will only hand over power on a date fixed by ECOWAS.
She deserved it,bcoz those celebs dont respect the laws.
Subscribe to our #EPAPER here; https://epapers.
Do you know why Uganda us developing both a refinery and a crude oil export pipeline from Hoima to Tanga in Tanzania?
The UPC and Oboteism are still alive in NRM.
It'S how you want your child to behave, right?
"Burundi'S problem is not Rwanda's, Burundi's problem is Burundi's," Louise Mushikiwabo told reporters in Kigali late Thursday.
Kale Kayihura, automatically takes over the post of EAPCCO chairperson that Kayihura was holding -- see more at: https://goo.
Thats ur NRM {Never Remove Museveni} now Never Remove Mathias, better leave now.
The six-day tour, his first to the continent, will begin on November 25.
In Sunday Vision, we bring you a story on how Nagirinya used her talents to serve God and humanity.
Two years from now, this pic will be posted alleging her to be an NUP torture victim.
Ffena tubeeyo mwe ba guy DVI SOUNDS in d building.
Many cars that have been left in garages for a long time have been used by mechanics for spare parts whereas others have been turned into stores.
Mali Junta leader Colonel Assimi Goita said in a televised statement that former defence minister Bah Ndaw would become transition president while he himself would serve as vice president.
Kiprotich'S parents show their joy during the breakfast hosted at State House Entebbe in his honour.
The referendum was held on Sunday.
Floods triggered off by the current rains have cut off a Police post in Nakaseke and rendered several roads impassable, cutting off several villages from the rest of the district.
We are there to pay.
'I always thought of John as a brother.
House rules dictate that the leadership of the committees and that of opposition be reviewed after two-and-a-half years.
Security tight for the Chinese to milk the cow.
The race to replace slain Ibrahim Abiriga as the area's representative in the Parliament features a 12-strong cast, including eight people contesting as independents.
Happy Birthday, the Kabaka of Buganda, Kabaka Ronald Muwenda Mutebi II.
Maaso awo bajja kubba ne under wear zaffe.
However, I’m worried that when my parents find out about the child, they will get upset and pressure me to quit the relationship.
For more than five years sports fans have clamored for a summit meeting between the two best fighters in the world, and after various failed negotiations -- and a protracted and difficult effort to make the fight in recent months -- they will get it on May 2 to unify the fighters' welterweight world titles at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas.
It'S sad that many mothers have lost their lives in labor due to pre-eclampsia.
I'M what I'm today due to proper canning.
Facebook'S two billion users will soon be able to post in more creative ways with the catalog of Warner, whose artist roster includes Ed Sheeran, Coldplay and the.
Government has announced an ambitious project to fold or realign some authorities and commissions, in order to save resources and create more efficiencies.
Grab yourself a copy of today's New Vision #EPAPER via - https://t.
For now, I'm focussed on Birmingham, Zurich then Brussels".
Either comment, send a message, or e-mail thebeat@newvision.
People must have been on the edge of their seats & torturing those nails!
“The objective of establishing this court is to ensure the expeditious, efficient and cost effective forum for adjudication of corruption and corruption related cases,” Lokodo explained.
There is more to you than your skin colour, your tribe, your education, your body shape, your property; you are called of God and your destiny and story is greater than you can imagine.
they should also look into the legallity of woman mps,rdc,and many others.
#Endviolence: Although girls and boys are at risk of sexual violence at any age, girls become particularly vulnerable after puberty.
The New Vision congratulates the Uganda Revenue Authority upon its 30th Anniversary.
The New Vision is with Johnny Baptist Agaba.
Despite his smile and jovial mood, Ibrahim Kasirye hurts inside.
The reason is because of the Anti-Gay Bill.
Victims of poor planning full od ambitions and greed.
I thnk arsenal match.
The centre lacks facilities.
Land titles in Bunyoro where found to be fraudulent and over 3000 people were on the verge of eviction.
Your smartphone shouldn't affect the relationship with your children.
Y did they wait for Malinga to die?
At Duhaga hall in Hoima, Ayena Harriet was caught attempting to sit a Chemistry Paper on behalf of Sanyu Happy.
Good,Thats the way forward.
So, what is it about?
"Mps should pay their own OTT because they can afford it," says Speaker Rebecca Kadaga.
#Popeinuganda The Pope with H. E President Museveni singing the national Anthem as the 21-Gun Salute is sounded.
Boeing has flown test flights of its 737 MAX to evaluate a fix for the system targeted as a potential cause of the crashes, two sources familiar with the matter.
The IGP Kale Kayihura says "As we talk now we have already arrested some of the suspects, even as I was sitting here I received a phone call.
To an extent wat they celebrate is "Haram".
Relationship tip: Use gift-giving occasions as an opportunity to encourage your partner to try something new.
Parliament grills Minister Otafiire over sh 2.
For the Mayanja brothers, the association with violence has stood the test of time.
#Urbanupdates: Government to repatriate Ugandans stuck abroad as confirmed by the State Minister for Fooreign Affairs, Okello Oryem.
This horse from Turkey was announced the most beautiful horse in the world.
"To learn something means you have processed it," says Dr. Towfigh.
"It is with deep regret that we announce the death of former chairman Peter Hill-Wood".
Some of the Personalities on panel include mogul Sudhir Ruparellia, MTN chairman Mr. Charles Mbiire,accomplished businessman Francis Kitaka in addition to Uganda Development Bank Managing Director Patricia Onjangole.
#Manutd, relegated from the Champions League, will face Real Sociedad.
Therefore, no need to exercise any form of responsibility.
Former Prime Minister; Amama Mbabazi fears arrest.
A photo of private jets flooding the Las Vegas airport before the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight today.
By 9:40am, most shops in Mbale town were still closed as tension and panic loomed among local businessmen and residents in the town council.
“You say Museveni should go.
Un like in ug ,with fuel guzzelers.
This is a village savings group promoted by World Vision - see the logo on the T shirts.
you love your husband with all your heart and at the same time you feel for the best friend.
The robots are part of Darpa's Maximum Mobility and Manipulation programme.
For sure Uganda no longer need prayers but standing tall.
I fil like nt even 2 listen 2 da issue of African elections bse it's just ful of black stones & trees.
We are what we are because of his efforts otherwise our fathers & ourselves would still be scouters in our own country, May Allah swt Grant h jannat fildaus.
Naguru and Nakawa’s growth into a sports powerhouse had a lot to do with proximity to Uganda’s biggest sports centre.
Compete on fair grounds!
He advised companies that may feel the pinch of the economic slowdown to restrain from going for slashing workers as the first option.
His whereabouts are unknown, but he is believed to be still in Hong Kong.
He was named best actor at the 88th Academy Awards, with Brie Larson named best actress Oscar for Room.
Why is President Museveni’s personal assistant Maj.
An African man like me can do it anyway he likes.
Make your Christmas as romantic as possible by spending time together with your loved ones and come out of it more bonded and stronger.
A retired army officer of the Uganda People’s Defence Forces on Wednesday was charged and remanded to Luzira prisons over unlawful possession of 16 pieces of elephant tusks.
so if all is realistic,the broblems wuld hav bin don with,hw lng are we going to wait?
God reign over Uganda.
Listen to the podcast via.
Rated Next’s first big gala concert show was at Ndere Centre the other Friday, where the top ten performed on stage with a band and a live audience.
First Lady sues local tabloid for defamation.
say Kavuma; Chairman Uganda National youth council/fund.
Starting with a camera which he used to take photos at university for upkeep, today, he owns one of the the biggest hotel in the remote district of Abim.
Find the details in the paper- https://vpg.
Somehow, complaining alone may not do much.
Is it private or UPE school, just asking!
I'm 20 he's 35 and he's just split up with his girlfriend.
“If you can’t run a SACCO, there is no way you can run a bank.
Stand with us,Kiir tells EAC leaders.
Meanwhile, 30-year-old Ciara is said to be following through with her $15 million defamation case against Future, which she launched in April because he called her a bad mother.
Chief Justice gives hope to aggrieved people over lawyers.
A goal-scoring machine this one.
"Enough of the e-mails"!
Sad for his family.
President Yoweri Museveni has directed all government ministries, agencies and departments to conduct mandatory online procurements, saying the move will weed out the corruption temptations related to face-to-face procurement deals.
There has been an accident at the Airtel round about on Jinja road in Kampala.
Any contribution is greatly appreciated.
Meanwhile, TVOne has apologised to families for showing graphic image of floating, near naked body.
African leaders have backed a Kenyan proposal pushing for a pullout from the International Criminal Court, leaders said Sunday, repeating claims it unfairly targets the continent.
I have little to say coz it could be that it detected knif ahead of time, so da escape.
The New Vision is with Saeed Bala Abdullahi.
Get a free copy inside the Saturday Vision-https://vpg.
A marriage is private not public.
We put Uganda in your unfailing hands as we battle this raging pandemic.
Public Accounts Committee has ordered the Parliamentary Commission to urgently produce accountability documents after MPs failed to account for sh4.
Rubaga South MP hopeful Walter Lubega Mukaaku has denied allegations circulating in the media that the NUP president, Robert Kyagulanyi, sacked him from the party's EC committee.
Only 4 SURVIVE NOW: Uganda now remains with 2 competitions, the 5,000m Heats on Wednesday, and the Marathon on Sunday.
The dog tries to jump wishing it could fly and catch the bird.
The incidents allegedly occurred as the MPs were in Cleveland in April.
Details in the Saturday Vision.
Shock as robbers raid city hotel, shoot 2.
Jewellery, watch and mobile shops were emptied.
Leave me alone iam struggling nd i know that uganda's future is not in books or magazines.
The Red Cross says at least 15 killed in #Nairobi shopping mall gun attack, more casualties expected.
Find out in the Saturday Vision-https://vpg.
Buzz LEAVERS ROCK KYADONDO RUGBY GROUNDS.
this generation scares me a lot men no longer feel obliged to look after family what they always do is complain this and that.
Us President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un smiled, shook hands and dined Wednesday in Hanoi, expressing optimism that their highly personal brand of diplomacy will lead to a deal on the totalitarian state's nuclear weapons.
Bitamazire, who turns 80 in July, applauded the gesture, and called on women in leadership positions to reach out to those at the grassroots and uplift them.
Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to low, cover and simmer for 15 minutes.
Uganda'S netball team captain Peace Proscovia once again impressed despite her side losing their first game to New Zealand in the opening match of the 2018 Commonwealth Games on Thursday.
This pig took risk and Escaped from a truck for it all for the sake of its freedom!
Canadian citizen Mike Spencer Bown is a seasoned traveler having visited more than 150 countries.
⚽️ SO CLOSE TO THE TOP PRIZE!
For the jobhunters, we got good news; for the newsreaders, we got fresh content, all packaged in one place.
The youth have shunned agriculture yet they are the most energetic.
Let's give the young people jobs.
The first human trial to evaluate a candidate vaccine against the new coronavirus has begun in Seattle, US health officials said Monday, raising hopes in the global fight against the disease.
More in the New Vision.
Read about the man who owned big chunks of land in the heart of Kampala, only in the New Vision.
Vision Group C.E.O Robert Kabushenga together with the sponsors of the #BestFarmersAwards 2020 launched the 6th edition of the Harvest Money book.
It is time to set up resolutions with an aim of performing better than last year.
#Infographic on the Oscar Pistorius case.
Watch below 👇🏽 a sneak peek of some of the stories in the last New Vision edition of the year 2021.
His outfit: a shirt featuring a cocktail of colourful prints, specially designed by his daughter, Kristiana Kayanja.
Today'S front pages of NEW VISION & BUKEDDE.
then u will see for your self.
Bake in the preheated oven until no longer pink and juices run clear, 30 to 35 minutes.
Wih guinea pigs aboard?
According to SP Godfrey Achiria, the Kampala Metropolitan Regional Police Commander (RPC) South, emphasis is going to be put on beaches to avoid drowning incidences among other accidents.
Spot the diffrence in his old and new habits.
#EPAPER via - goo.
The sect said to be originating from Kenya, calls itself Njiri ya nsi and its leaders are suspected to have crossed over to Kenya after learning of the action by the district authorities.
Mighty God we give you adoration.
Government SPOKESMAN Ofwono Opondo: Former renegade UPDF officer, Gen David Sejusa (Tinyefunza) returned home 3.
Hindura group to facilitate investment in #Uganda's agriculture.
Will it be a lockdown too?
Sunday xtra brings you 20 pages of unique Father's Day content including Best dad competition winning stories.
Children affected and infected with HIV/AIDS are calling for a special representative in parliament to express their problems and also lobby for their needs.
He has now started dating her yet I respect him.
Zimbabwe on Monday abandoned its bid to press charges against a US dentist who killed Cecil the lion, saying his papers "were in order" and that he did not know he was committing any offence.
I have a family.
Les Bleus coach Didier Deschamps initially looks as though he is going to kick off about the decision, but then remembers his team have just won 5-2.
What is your take on this document?
I made a guide to help you figure out what your passion is and what it is that you’re really good at your core values are key.
The MPs on Wednesday met the Speaker Rebecca Kadaga in her office at Parliament and notified her about their intention to move a motion, seeking leave of Parliament to introduce a private member's Bill for restoration of presidential term limits, and other related matters.
Mikel Arteta has been given the job of reviving the fortunes of Arsenal after he was appointed head coach of the English Premier League side on Friday.
but at school the teachers can ensure that it's there duty while.
One person died on spot and scores were severely injured after two buses collided along Karuma - Pakwach highway in Nwoya district this morning http://see.
Why do we boss the world around?
The wait is the worst," said Roberto Di Marche, a cousin of football team Chapecoense Real's late director Nilson Folle Junior.
Today the weather was beautiful - I decided to go for it (the world record)".
Daily Monitor captain Abubaker Lubowa blames defeat on teargas.
Rip our dear ones.
The New Vision added 9 new photos.
The Italian ambassador killed in an ambush in the Democratic Republic of Congo while travelling on a UN convoy was 'betrayed' by someone close to the family, his widow said in an interview published Friday.
I think tht guy z musoga so don't maid guyz.
He recently decided to host his family for Easter, but he did not first discuss it with me; I am hearing everything from other people; I find this bizarre.
#Zimbabwe: #Mugabe celebrates his 90th birthday today.
All the Kayoola electric buses will have a capacity of 90 passengers.
Therefore sh25m is reasonable for loss of expectations of life," the judge stated.
The New Vision is with Odaka Asuman and Francis O Obbo.
Stir in almonds and serve sauce with chicken over rice, if desired.
I thought she would stay for a few days and go to make peace with them, but she did not.
The troubles we have as a country are bigger than all the rubbish that's in the van in the background.
Dat will be ok.
Glazers finally lose patience with Fergie's failed replacement.
If baal is God then worship him, but if God is God then fear him.
Are beef products safe for consumption anymore?
The event was attended by economist, Members of Parliament and World Bank.
It has been a frustrating night for Cristiano Ronaldo.
Kalule Ahmed Mukasa has been re-elected the General Secretary of Uganda Law Society.
The Indian government is to finance the construction of the 180 megawatt (Mw) Isimba hydropower project with a $450m loan to boost Uganda’s power generation.
Read the full article in today's New Vision.
Strengthen and restore hope oh God.
Liverpool'S jubilation was short-lived, though, as Martin took full advantage of sloppy goalkeeping from Simon Mignolet to restore parity with his third goal of the season.
The New Vision is with Smith Junior.
Mps have overwhelmingly backed teachers’ demands for 100% salary increment after meeting with the teachers’ union at Parliament.
We have to strike hard to stop this problem, so now, even civilians cannot move about at night," Aleu said.
Oh hw Africa misses them!
Information from Dr faucci cdc says, vaccine doesn't cure covid19, it does not stop infection or reinfection, so what's it's use in our health care.
A female student got stranded with her luggage as bus operators hiked transport fares.
The results of last year's Uganda Advanced Certificate of Education (UACE) exams are due to be released today in Kampala.
now u who are abusing the fella can only afford to type harsh comments yet you have literally done little.
He joins WADRI and others IN GULU PRISON.
If he knew he was our brother, why did he do all the laughter, cooking human, raping, burning huts, beating, abduction of little kids?
Eddy Kenzo will not be going to see Obama in Texas all because of bad health.
The Global Fund has granted Uganda over sh1.
He recently proposed marriage, but said we can only formalise our relationship after I have conceived.
While muffins are baking, place 1/4 cup of melted margarine in a bowl.
Nationals protesting over President's bid to seek a third term in office.
All fraudulent projects are tabled to take this taxpayer's money.
The New Vision is with Ninye Jonam.
New Vision please help us, what about a spell checker?
The New Vision is with Nsumba Ahmed and 5 others.
so what is this so called minister talking about.
Laying strategies on how they will rig the next elections".
Tanzania have made an early substitution.
Dark knuckles define a Ugandan slay queen today.
And these are the factors that are going to pave the way for success at your company.
Graphic: #PopeInUganda schedule Friday 4.
Located in the western part of Uganda lies the great Rwenzori Mountains also known as the Mountains of the moon, the snowcapped major tourism attraction.
Get a free copy in the New Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
✍️ by Joseph Lister Nyaringo | bit.
The real fruits are on the way.
Residents of Muhokya village in Kasese district are still mourning after rangers blocked them from feasting on free game meat.
At the end of the implementation of the new policy, over 2,000 children will either have joined army day schools or joined Government UPE and USE schools.
, Fagir, just ask for something else for HE, UNEB is too big for u to swallow.
Act as team of equals.
In fact, a lot of people living in rural areas dream of the day they will finally make their way to Uganda’s bustling capital city and live the good life, yet for the majority of people already living there, nothing could be further from the truth.
China promised Tuesday to help African countries overcome Covid-related economic woes 'without imposing its will,' faced with accusations that it often plays a coercive role on the continent.
Whis we can boycott too?
Sejusa: "President Museveni retired me.
Well, that's it from me here today ladies and gentlemen.
For the online community, here's your share 👉.
What kind of pitch will favour Uganda vs Zambia tomorrow?
Have remedials running concurrently case you've not been schooling her online, Tv or Bukeddes kids exams.
5 times the power that the massive 392 MW Ivanpah solar-thermal plant in California does — making it one of the largest solar projects in the world.
The High Court in Kampala has convicted businessman, Thomas Nkulungira a.k.a Tonku of murdering his girlfriend Brenda Karamuzi before dumping her body in a septic tank.
Otsteps And Many Other Evidences.
Uganda is to host this year’s Commonwealth Investment Forum scheduled to take place this week.
- Over 150 jobs up for grabs.
or ambush and select non moslems and die!
This time round, he will be accompanied by the beautiful reggae singer and song writer Alaine Laughton, the one behind hits like No Ordinary Love, Deeper and Chak Chaka Love.
But what the Child becomes eventually may not be the making of the parents.
Acting managing director Grace Isabirye yesterday confirmed that most of the money had been refunded.
But one shrewd investment of sh60,000 turned his life around.
Dady may ur soul rest in internal peace.
President Edgar Lungu last month ordered the national prayer session after the kwacha fell 45 percent against the dollar since the start of the year due to a sharp drop in the price of copper, the country's main export.
Read story in the Saturday Vision-https://vpg.
The hearing of a poll petition by Amama Mbabazi continues at the Supreme Court.
Incredibly bright adventure that may save the world in future of the CO2 pollution- a world wide prob.
I thought he had commited suicide, No news.
To subscribe go to https://epapers.
Details in today’s paper.
In our podcast today, we feature Malaika aka Ugawoman, who is not afraid to get dirty to make clean money!
It was a titanic moment yesterday,, may souls rest in peace.
Simply faking a smile stimulates the same neurons as a real one,which can trigger happiness and endorphins that will instantly make you feel good.
Update: On the death of Gen.
Members of Parliament have condemned government for the continued detention of former presidential candidate Dr. Kizza Besigye at his Kansangati home.
President Kikwete issued a directive to all aliens to leave the country by August 11th.
Does New vision TV work on only free to air decoders!
65 Year Old Lady turns up for the Coca cola Rated Next Season 3 Mbale music Auditions.
President Yoweri Museveni has promised to continue rewarding top sports performers at international events, as a way of appreciating their efforts in flying Uganda’s flag on the world stage.
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin, center left, and leader of Nochniye Volki (the Night Wolves) biker group, Alexander Zaldostanov, also known as Khirurg (the Surgeon), right, ride bikes at a motor bikers' festival in the Black Sea port of Novorossiysk, Russia.
Hiv/Aids didn't finish us.
For over 170 years, Prudential has been standing up for its communities in good times and bad and in this time of uncertainty, Prudential Uganda is giving a free Covid-19 diagnosis benefit to all Ugandans.
New Vision TV offers analyzed news content on trending stories in Uganda, be it politics, business, and the day today life This.
As he narrates his involvement in the Late Wamala's murder, and how kaweesi, Kayiwura and Museveni had to fulfill their plans or mission!
My home town .
#Kenya interior ministry says #WestgateMall is now under police control.
Kenya'S Supreme Court rules today on a challenge to Uhuru Kenyatta's presidential election win.
Cnooc Uganda Limited awards heavy goods vehicle drivers.
We shouldn't encourage laziness, period!
9 at the end it will be 50 trillions spent.
Whose career are you completely jealous of?
They returned yesterday and finished her off.
Members are: Emmanuel Katongole Emmanuel, F. Nagimesi, Batebe I, Francis Twinamatsiko, G. Tubwita, Godfrey Andama and Stella Biwaga.
That was good of a president.
Moral degeneration at work.
Tom Gwebayanga brings you their story.
The Bank of China in Frankfurt has become the first to operate European yuan clearing.
Grab a FREE copy in the New Vision for MORE #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Veteran Uthman Bukenya has vowed that he has matured enough to tame the strong field in the Nile Special grand finale which gets underway at Lugogo Saturday.
God is watching us 4rm a distance.
📷: File Photo of CEO Robert Kabushenga addressing Vision Group before the outbreak of #coronavirus in Uganda.
As they celebrate 20 years of marriage, the Kabaka of Buganda, Ronald Muwenda Mutebi has sent a message of gratitude to the Nnaabagereka (Queen) Sylvia Nagginda for her dedicated service to advance the Kingdom.
Victoria Akao knows she is famous with her American accent.
and Total earn per month.
[Sponsored]: Bank alert got you smiling this Friday?
The CPA Examinations will be held from 15 – 19 March 2021 in Kampala Only.
Police were able to stop him at the gate outside the mosque," A.D. Khawaja, chief of police for Sindh province said.
The latest developments indicate that Thailand and UK have backlisted VIP passports from Uganda.
Did you know that 45% of women in Kampala are obese?
The man who hijacked an Ethiopian Airlines flight en route from Addis Ababa to Rome on Monday was the co-pilot, according to the Geneva airport where the plane was forced to land.
#Urbantoday: Climate change bill 2020.
your xter towards him.
The New Vision is with Lubangakene Jojo Joel and 2 others.
Uganda Police's Director for Human Resources Felix Kaweesi has demanded that live broadcasts at or outside FDC's Kizza Besigye's residence should be stopped as it "incites violence".
The Democratic Party (DP) is contemplating petitioning court over the appointment Richard Todwong as minister without Portfolio in charge of political mobilization.
By the way Bebe cool threatened to strip and move naked because of his son.
Police recued the baby.
The President’s order came after complaints by coffee farmers that some people were destroying the quality of Uganda’s coffee by buying that which is not dry from the garden and offloading it on to international markets.
Quite sad but where is the rationale of pilots when faced by an impending disaster n he is not helped by officials at control tower coz after seeing the storm he sought permission to fly higher but was denied so he flew into the storm!
The New Vision is with Ronald Urban TG.
Court: Byandala judgement today.
Quality Chemicals Limited (QLC) has donated 2000 mosquito nets through the Ministry of Health and Kampala City Council Authority (KCCA) to assist food market vendors.
Photojournalist Andrew Lwanga who was recently hospitalized after he was battered by the Old Kampala Division Police Commander Joram Mwesigye is looking for sh4.
Spc Kaliano Okusa Obitre is accused of firing the fatal shot while in company of Natal Anguzu a crime preventer during a poorly executed but ultimately failed arrest.
I am nolonger paying 1500 to town.
Rebecca Jingo’s husband Joel Isabirye is in love again.
I have met some women on social media, and I’m lucky to get a date with some of them.
Seven POLICE OFFICERS FACE KIDNAP CHARGES.
The European Union has withheld sh8.
Togo on Friday confirmed its first case of the novel coronavirus after a 42-year-old woman tested positive following her return from a trip to Benin, Germany, France and Turkey.
Over Shs 49 million has been collected so far.
and you wonder why the Chinese are taking the lead even in Africa?
President Kenyatta signing condolence book for Raila Odinga's late son; Fidel Castro Odinga.
Cynthia was having fun at a party until an old friend told her: “You have become fat.
The New Vision is with Napoleon Amon Bornaparte and Ďãńdý Phàŕouk Cazorla.
Make a name for yourself by attending conferences, delivering speeches, or writing articles.
The New Vision is with Adyeeri Nyange and Duncan Presly Haunts Jènníngs.
Egypt's military issued a “last-chance” ultimatum to President Mohammed Morsi, giving him 48 hours to meet the demands of millions of protesters seeking his resignation or face intervention by the generals, who will impose their own plan for the country.
The Constitution stipulates that foreigners should have been in Uganda for 20 years to be eligible for consideration for citizenship and 10 years for one to apply for a permit of residency.
There is an adage that says lack of money is lack of friends; if you have money at your disposal, every one will claim to be related to you.
Is my opinion going to change a thing?
My friend was refered to CORSUS.
What anomaly is Baguma accused of?
Travellers in Kampala lose between 8-23 hours every month in the traffic jam and this estimate is surpassed during the festive season.
Here are some of the stories to expect in your copy of the New Vision.
The Katikiro of Buganda Charles Peter Mayiga launches the 3rd edition of the Kabaka Run to be held on April 10 at Lubiri Palace with 5km, 10km,& 21km races.
A village council in northern India allegedly ordered a woman, whose husband ran off with their neighbour''s wife, to live with the abandoned man or pay him compensation, police said Tuesday.
Struggles of youth born with HIV/AIDS.
2002: A panel appointed by the Cabinet to review the Ssebutinde helicopter report, cleared Dr. Ben Mbonye.
The number of daily new COVID-19 cases worldwide crosses one million for the first time since the pandemic began two years ago, according to an AFP tally of the week of December 23-29.
Nothing beautifies this land of martyrs like when the Christian spirit is sweeps across.
Today is International Roots Day!
One of the best bands/groups out of South Africa in my view.
You should also know that you may not work in your field of study, so keep an open mind.
Should the state sacrifice the humanities for Science courses?
KABUSHENGA shd fire this Intern asap.
The constitutional monarch of 16 sovereign states and head of the Commonwealth of Nations, Queen Elizabeth is also the head of the Church of England.
Enjoy your family, your friends, and a cup of coffee”.
Full list in Saturday Vision.
Your approach to nutrition should be no different.
Sadao Kimbara rides on a Honda motorcycle with a sidecar he made out of an oil barrel as his grandson Rui smiles in the sidecar in Ome, on the outskirts of Tokyo, Japan February 14, 2015.
Sakho, who is a popular figure amongst Liverpool supporters, admitted to taking a fat burner but his lawyers have argued that the substance he was found to have taken should not be listed as a prohibitive substance.
Saturday Vision has the story.
Three years back he was free in the city and provided with security even if not asked.
They had wanted a closed session but were surrounded by journalists.
A tour of the Masese/Walukuba Road market was a revelation of an eyesore of organic fruits vendors, buyers, sellers and stray dogs competing for space.
Suspect confesses to killing AIGP Kaweesi says Police.
Now humans are slaughtering each other!
Ssekikubo garnered 10136 votes and Nkalubo scored 8791 in the elections that were announced on October 27 at 4am by the district NRM party registrar, Johh Katokozi at the district headquarters.
Over sh909b held on dormant accounts.
A petition to prevent her from returning to South Africa, where she shot the lion, has been signed more than 13,000 times.
A military spokesperson for the rebels said forces under the command of Maj.
Get the details in New Vision.
No one care if u cease or not.
A New York father was jailed for 20 years to life Thursday for lacing his children's pizza with rat poison, killing his five-year-old son and making his seven-year-old daughter sick.
There is no Uganda airlines plane to bring him here.
a female who will not think twice before challening your opinion is my type of woman.
Instead of creating friction for your selfish gain.
Two senior UNRA bosses fired over alleged graft.
For more details visit: https://ug.
Find out his new directive in New Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Mothers, Does this sound familiar it is not only baby elephants?
The New Vision is with Laban Mugarura and 6 others.
Sekate has called upon all people whose vehicles were stolen to contact police with their documents.
Persephone who was aptly named was strangled on the one night that Sylvie, then age 14, refused to leave their bedroom window cracked open so Persephone could sneak into the house after an assignation with Ben Emory, the son of their town’s mayor.
Colonel Kizza Besigye has said that Major Gen.
"I did not talk before because I wanted to concentrate.
Two Britons were among five NATO troops killed in a helicopter crash in Kabul, a second blow for British forces Sunday after a Taliban suicide bomber targeted their convoy in the capital.
In Japan at 60 yrs he looks younger than you think but stealing wasn't good so lessons learnt next time don't fall.
The battle between Buganda kingdom officials and Male Mabirizi, the lawyer who sued Kabaka Ronald Muwenda Mutebi over land registration is far from over.
who cares about rights?
Uganda has built reasonable capacity to manage future Ebola outbreaks Prime Minister, Amama Mbabazi has said.
It is an expensive and highly risky business game.
"I have seen the IGG report on UNEB but I will not comment until I hear from my bosses.
A mother of 15 children and 25 grandchildren says she's only interested in knowing how to read and write.
The Cabinet has spoken out on the electronic financial transactions which includes mobile money.
An English woman, Was it A Ugandan?
The angry exchange came a day after President Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed, who is better known as Farmajo, sparred with Prime Minister Mohamed Hussein Roble over the country's sluggish preparations for elections.
The marathon is not only about running one has to get that perfect shot.
(I need to check my eyes again.
Uganda is abundantly blessed.
The M23 rebel group, who U.N. experts say are backed by neighbouring Rwanda, on Sunday advanced to within 5 km of Goma, the provincial capital of North Kivu province, after pushing back U.N. peacekeepers and government troops.
Direct acess to FPortal is inside enough in the heart of Uganda and is on the railway line to Kasese.
The Speaker of Parliament, Rebecca Kadaga, has dismissed reports about a standoff between her and President Yoweri Museveni.
I'm a guy who doesn't want to have a wife who has had children with multiple men, & I am afraid she may leave me again in future.
The Parliament spokesman said the speaker is yet to receive a letter from the attorney general.
This time round, Byandala also minister without portfolio, will be required to explain his role in the Tororo-Mbale-Soroti road fraud, where another over sh90b was allegedly lost .
ly/2Tasw4i for a chance to win funding, mentorship, and resources to take your business to the next level.
Changing people from position to position exploits efficiency fully which improves service delivery.
Residents of Kawempe suburb in Kampala were shocked to learn that a couple went to a bar with a three-week-old baby and in their drunken stupor forgot about it.
Fake I don't believe anything Ugandan .
Yes, Hasan Kalair at just 32 years of age is driving the car business in this country ahead with a successful car importing business that deals in new and used apanese cars.
The New Vision is with Nakalule Topi and 4 others.
Tapirs inhabit jungle and forest regions of South America, Central America, and Southeast Asia.
I was in P.6 .
President Yoweri Museveni has said that he will not interfere in the exercise of getting a Kyabazinga, the cultural leader of the people of Busoga, saying this is an issue for the people to decide.
Sudan is one of four nations listed as a state sponsor of terrorism by the United States, severely impeding investment as businesses worry of legal risks in dealing with the country.
The New Vision is with Skillful Lucky Joseph and Joseph Ssemugooma Kasirye.
The International Catholic Conference of Scouting (ICCS) on Saturday awarded Ugandan volunteers medals for various contributions to the society at a function held at Kiwamirembe-Kajjansi on the Kampala-Entebbe road.
Why waste cash on borgus perfidies, let earth roll.
He said the budget allocation for utilities for the Police force in a quarter is sh640m yet Nsambya barracks require sh1.
Nouvo phone techno phantom.
Many aspirants were seeking to contest as independents for positions of councillors, giving the excuse of irregularities in the NRM party primaries.
One accused was acquitted while another, a military commander accused of overseeing the chilling attack, died in prison last October.
An armored military vehicle and 24 armed police officers: That’s what the sheriff’s department in a small Wisconsin town used to collect a civil judgement from a 75-year-old man, who has filed a $4.
learn it the Zim way.
Nssf today boosted Cranes CECAFA campaign by committing to securing kit for the team after a call from the Uganda Cranes Initiative (UCI).
Today is a new day, a chance for a new start.
If you are surrounded by good people at work, a vacation should be easy to take".
Sentamu who plays for AS Vita in DR Congo makes the list for helping his club reach the CAF Champions League final.
They learn that by working hard they can accomplish the things that they want to in their lives.
She calls but I am not ready to talk to her.
Final straw came in Sunday's miserable 2-0 defeat at old club Everton.
Stocks of certified sanitisers run out #EPAPER: http://is.
It is increasingly becoming difficult to draw a line between labour externalisation and human trafficking.
Kipsiro finally speaks his mind, after he refused to talk to the press in the run up to the 5000m, claiming he needed to focus on his next assignment.
Opposition FDC party spokesperson Ibrahim Ssemuju Nganda has denied reports they are in dialogue with President Museveni.
Look at our University, Mak, its always closed.
Golola said after the fight.
We have 25 years of experience in all kinds of UAE Visa Services.
The Police have named 15 deadly criminal gangs.
The Ministry of Health and the Office of the Prime Minister have been asked to account for all the COVID-19 funds that they received as cash and donations.
8 million of whom have been issued with National Identification cards.
Dp’S Muhammed Muwanga Kivumbi has been declared the winner of the Butambala by-election polling 14,764 votes.
The New Vision is with Kato Zziwa and Odeke Abudalatif Isco.
Makindye shoooting: What really happened; Eyewitnesses said the shooter had, for long, accused his wife of infidelity.
Moscow has said that a US plane threatened civilian aircraft but 'catastrophe' was avoided when a Russian passenger plane dived to avoid the NATO reconnaissance aircraft that crossed its path above the Black Sea.
They can't afford tution fee since they are having multiple loans.
An explosion rocked one of the most fashionable neighborhoods of New York on Saturday night, injuring 29 people, one seriously, a week after America's financial capital marked the 15th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks.
Medical interns have asked the government for a quick dialogue to solve their demands and grievances.
Uganda will be declared Ebola free on October 4th, if no new case is reported.
what the police should have done was to calm the student down and listerned from their point of contention.
Update: #ProvisionalResults #NRMDecides Lwemiyaga MP Ssekikubo has again trounced arch-rival Patrick Nkalubo.
The New Vision is with Polly Tom and Birungi Isabella.
They can't change his sentence and he will probably die in prison.
Speaking on Saturday at Nabbingo Catholic Parish, in Wakiso district where he led a team that is charged with the duty of sensitizing Christians about the 22 Uganda martyrs and the Golden Jubilee that is due in the near future, Kasibante said that many people have started confusing others to follow these alien cultures.
Invest in your health and get vaccinated today at one of the verified health centers.
Get the e-paper here 👉 https://t.
The recruitment process be terminated.
E remembers this song?
Uganda is in the canines of hyaena.
They are going to be on the street in the next three days.
ly/3d3acBF for your copy of the Sunday Vision.
Details of the story in the Sunday Vision 👉 EPAPER: http://is.
The minister said before 2006, the Government licenced an average of three guns in a year, but currently, his office has received about 1,000 applications:.
Can'T they trace for the beneficiaries?
Take a deep breath and relax.
What do you do when a family member has a secret that is so terrible it changes the way you’ve experienced reality for the first 30 or so years of your life?
We have a four-year-old child together.
For Abigail, the Coronovirus pretty much changed the game.
Boys scaling up a wall with their dog.
The New Vision is with Joan Nakyobe and Nassali Iryn.
National Unity Platform's (NUP) Harriet Nakweede has called upon the electorate in Kayunga district to vote her for the LC5 seat for better service delivery.
The democrats can not say anything sensible in regard to the protests, they think the protests are peaceful yet many people's property are vandalized.
Cabinet approves proposal to amend Bank of Uganda Act .
Justice Christopher Madrama of the Commercial Court in Kampala, made the pronouncement.
The state minister for ICT, Nyombi Thembo has talked of the “vulnerability” of ministers and attributed the failure of some of them to bounce back in the 10th parliament due to lack of time to attend to their constituents.
I remmber reading from the bible how variation in languages came about in the world.
But store up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where moth and rust do not destroy, and where thieves do not break in and steal.
The President's reaction followed a report by the members of the ex-combatants that several residents especially in areas of central Uganda have been killed and blood allegedly sucked out.
The New Vision is with Tamu Ozil and 2 others.
The minister in charge of the Presidency and KCCA affairs, Frank Tumwebaze, directed city councilors to constitute Interim working groups to perform the work of standing committees.
It's only the ordinary citizens that joins south Africa with full heart but not it's ruling class, because they (Regime) practice exactly what TUTU fought for his entire career.
State House Anti-Corruption is investigating the theft of one of the COVID-19 testing machines at Malaba border point.
Kenyan'S military said it has killed 34 al-Shabab militants in two separate clashes in southern Somalia.
Uganda has a total of 329 cases.
Instead, the minister said he doubted the video Emuobor released over a month ago on social media, showing him a free man and said it could have been falsified.
Mbu Uganda has both local and central govts that can't protect the environment.
Members of Parliament have proposed wide-ranging reforms in higher education institutions in the country, in order to match current market demands.
But please don’t use 1500 .
Three weeks ago, Atonet found out that the injury she sustained at Namboole on June 2, when the She Cranes were still training for the 2015 netball world cup, had left the anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) in her left knee “completely torn” and will require surgery.
Go out and warm up your network, check out new opportunities, and do some salary comparisons.
The league is made up of 12 men and 8 ladies teams.
Hahaa they hav started again.
But that's how it has always Been in most part of uganda.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has mocked Joe Biden for calling him a 'killer' -- saying 'it takes one to know one' -- as ties between Moscow and Washington sank to new lows.
With the smart phone market heavily dominated by giants like Samsung, Iphone, Nokia and LG, a new entrant has stormed the market with a surprising package equipped with capabilities that ably match its peers.
President Museveni will today meet the Prime Minister and Speaker of Parliament in what is seen as a mending of fences after the EALA elections were not well coordinated within the ruling NRM party and reportedly drew backlash from the party chairman.
Wabula anumye wade simumanyi.
Henry Tumukunde over what they described as a violation of UPDF code of conduct.
The New Vision is with Jean-Claude Kalinijabo.
this is high treason!
Find out what his proposals are #EPAPER- https://epaper.
Despite losing the Age Limit case in three eminent courts of law including the regional court, lawyer Hassan Male Mabirizi is still discontented with their respective verdicts.
Excellence in safety as a core should not be a lips service per se but actually as a reality that positively attracts people's confidence in you and your service.
Is this a Video or its slide show?
There’s already 14 places I need to bailed them out from something.
Always b careful when making very fastdecisions.
Let's do one thing at a time to avoid confusing the masses.
“That is why certain measures were taken to make sure this did not happen”.
has he paid back the money?
Government and public universities have signed an agreement to operationalize a new scholarship scheme.
The New Vision is with Drijaru Roselyn.
Breaking: Top Somalia intelligence officer and former #AlShabaab member arrested after being accused of "selling" government weapons worth $200,000.
“Europe had difficult times like the 100 year wars, 30 year wars, war of Napoleon, the German war, the First and second World Wars and others.
On Monday it emerged Chelsea offered Dr Carneiro £1.
Have you shared your story for the #FriendsWithBenefits campaign yet?
If it is not done, the child learns that the parent is either toothless or the exhibited behavior is an acceptable mechanism.
I take this opportunity to thank Bishop Lambert Twinomugisha for leading Hoima Diocese well.
Carol Atuhaire's body is expected to arrive today at Entebbe International Airport.
Singapore said it had sent two naval vessels to help the Indonesian military look for the Airbus A320-200 operated by Indonesia AirAsia, adding a C-130 air force plane took part in the search on Sunday.
The prisons department is not yet prepared to grant inmates the right to conjugal rights, the Commissioner General of Prisons, Dr. Johnson Byabashaija, has said.
The New Vision is with Faustin Twesigye.
Why are they showing the same pic.
me/c/256790428543 and stand a chance to win amazing #BrideAndGroomExpo prizes.
Sunderland prop up the Barclays Premier League table, but are a point adrift of 18th-placed Cardiff ahead of the encounter at the Stadium of Light.
"Before (the pandemic), you had a bunch of people coming in from different countries to celebrate Christmas, and now you know that everybody who is here is probably not a tourist".
Turn and brush with reserved marinade frequently.
The day first day he took me to school.
As your skills increase, you gain more experience and a clearer understanding your significance to your organization.
With millions around the world stuck at home due to the pandemic, "plane cafes" in Thailand are offering customers the chance to pretend they are in the sky -- and the idea seems to have taken off.
When the hunter becomes the hunted!
They were found gathered, drinking alcohol while others were in a sauna.
She was condemned, battered and all she had become over the last few years seemed lost in a flash.
President is lying too much, if URA delegates VAT number to people in business who don't make 150m a year that they don't deserve to be in business isn't that torture and favoring the rich?
South Sudan's army and rebel forces have agreed to deploy joint military units in the capital, a key stage of a peace deal aimed to end nearly two years of war.
11 arrested over youth funds-https://vpg.
Es this mean that condom competes with them in making noise during sex?
The New Vision is with Nguthi Joseph Kagechu.
"Mayanja Nkanji NOT dead but in critical condition and still undergoing medication," says daughter Josephine Mayanja.
The Police has remained tight-lipped over the questionable retirement of Senior Commissioner of Police Samuel Ezati Dramani, a top forensic expert in the country.
Literally, a dead year was announced.
#Urbanupdates: Electoral Commission chairman Byabakama has condemned the violence that marred the #NRMPrimaries.
Corruption telling corruption to shun corruption.
I did not know him.
3D MD Lilian Mondha Byarugamba hands over sh0.
Presidential candidate Samuel Walter Lubega risks being disqualified if he continues purporting that he is a candidate for the Democratic Party, according to the Electoral Commission:.
But seriously ,the truth is covid has affected most of the moslem community.
Government ONE DAY WILL CHANGE.
We were all touched because he is Ugandan like us" - Hakim Kasibante, bodaboda rider who evacuated the General from the crime scene bit.
As dozens of countries blocked the flow of people and goods from Britain to avoid a new and more contagious strain of coronavirus, scientists raced to understand how it emerged and the scope of its threat.
Like the others I mentioned.
Over 250 councillors from the 5 urban divisions of Kampala have petitioned President Museveni to resolve contentious issues resulting from the Kampala Capital City Act.
China has deployed surface-to-air missiles on a disputed island in the South China Sea, Taiwan said Wednesday, as Beijing insisted it had a right to build "self-defence" systems in the strategic region.
The new vision is publishing a four-part series of his book started today.
Hilary Onek addressing refugees in Nakivale Refugee Settlement in Isingiro District.
Those are symptoms of NRM internal failures.
Named Lyuba by the Siberian deer herder who discovered her in 2007, the specimen is 130cm tall and weighs 50kg.
After all is very old enough.
Classic BBC News - Usain Bolt: Jamaican school's 100m power cut panic http://bbc.
“Always be yourself and have faith in yourself”.
Rest in peace Emmanuel mayanja.
Chief magistrate Eleanor Khainza acquitted Kashoma on grounds that he cannot be convicted on mere suspicion and that all witnesses brought against him never at any given time said Kashoma had been directly involved in the withdrawal or was a worker at the bank.
Mps will get the latest version of iPads as a way of reducing the cost of stationery and embracing e-governance.
What kind of face is this?
At just 25, AK, like his girlfriend Maggie Kiweesi fondly referred to him, has gone too soon, leaving behind a very young family, himself a younger member of the Mayanja family.
Accompanied by the First Lady and Minister of Education and Sports Mrs. Janet Museveni, President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni arrives for the #MartyrsDay2018 celebrations at Namugongo.
Muzee may almighty Allah let you rule this country upto the day Jesus comes back .
Details of the requirements in Sunday Vision.
Recently, a lioness was found dead near an oil well in Murchison Falls National Park.
I t reminds of a boda boda man who carried me one morning when going for work.
During the day, Kololo still looks deceptively sane.
Breaking: Rwasa Agathon elected as 1st Vice President of #Burundi Parliament.
Uganda will miss u nkangi u have been an inspiration figure.
Residents of Naguru and surrounding areas, tell us your experience.
Scene in the Rio Fan Fest on Copacabana now as Brazil holds its breath.
However according to the minister for presidency and Kampala Frank Tumwebaze, the constitution doesn’t clearly define duties of Ugandans on patriotism.
Japan has begun slaughtering about 210,000 farm birds in northern Hokkaido to contain another outbreak of a highly contagious strain of avian flu, an official said Sunday.
Uganda Cranes Initiative UCI seeks sh200m to boost team for CECAFA.
The Vice-President, Edward Kiwanuka Ssekandi, has lauded Santa Richard Apire, the Rwot (chief) of Atiak clan for uniting his subjects through the provision of free medical services.
The Man U team sheet for Saturday's home game with Leicester City caused a stir after manager Jose Mourinho elected to drop captain Wayne Rooney, who has been struggling for form.
Britain topped an 80-country "quality of death" study released Tuesday, which warned that ageing and booming populations would make palliative care a growing worldwide issue.
The New Vision is with Rajab Zaidi.
The New Vision is with Kofi club and David Masiele.
The New Vision is with Destiny Andrew Morganz and 2 others.
U dnt see ahead?
Complaints against NIRA relating to the issuance of national identity cards and other services have flooded the State House anti-corruption unit.
Are you young and looking for skills that will spur you to success?
Pope: Environmentalists contribute to Saturday's #PapalWalk.
Do you need information on how you can export products to neighbouring countries?
4%, according to the financial report released to soldiers on Tuesday during the Wazalendo Sacco annual general meeting at Lugazi.
Kibale district hit by water shortages.
Analysis of how Musician Jose Chameleon entry has complicated the Kampala Lord Mayoral race.
He was arrested alongside 5 others and charged with 24 counts which included abuse office, causing financial loss, theft, influence peddling, obtaining money by false pretense among others.
Hope he is a good leader who deserves another term.
The Togolese national football team members arrive at Namboole stadium for preparations ahead of their tie with Uganda tomorrow.
The New Vision is with Deen Sultan Ali.
Businessman Nasser Basajjabalaba has dragged Kampala minister Betty Amongi Ongom to the High Court for stopping him from attending the Kampala District Land Board (KDLB) meetings, despite a court order.
Uganda assembled buses to hit the road soon.
Very soon, we're going to have terrorist as NRM party members and more so, leaders.
Like us on Face Book : .
Next up will be Janet Museveni, First Lady and Minister in charge of Karamoja.
For more interesting facts via SMS type "Fact" and send to 8338.
For God and my Country.
How has he come so far too soon?
Infrastructure: WHY WE NEED TO WORRY ABOUT MERGER OF AGENCIES.
Government has secured a total of $ 3m from the ADB for the rehabilitation and expansion of the dilapidated facilities at St. Peters College Tororo, Tororo girls and Lumino high school in Busia district.
2 DAYS TO GO!
The New Vision is with Kwizera Polly Arisen and 2 others.
How best should the FDC handle this matter.
Jonathan Maraka the Deputy Spokesperson Iteso Cultural Union (ICU) said President Yoweri Museveni is expected to open the occasion Tuesday.
Defenders: Godfrey Walusimbi (Captain), Ivan Bukenya, Denis Iguma, Isaac Isinde, Joseph Owino, Nicholas Wadada, Joseph Ochaya and Edward Ssali.
Egyptian student faces US deportation for Trump comment.
When his friend and prayer partner sold to him a car in dangerous mechanical condition, he upgraded it into a usable vehicle.
I wonder how nigerians reason.
They were reportedly picked by police and taken to Kyambogo Police Station and later on taken to Jinja Police Station.
Dozens of young herders have also been reported missing from homes with little or nothing is known about their whereabouts.
"Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small.
I take it personally, like it’s me but nothing good comes out, and i have had friends tell me it’s because I have bad mantras so I therefore have had a doomed love life.
Gun fire can still be heard.
Namulondo had a PhD in Literature from the University of South Florida and was a lecturer at Makerere University.
Nanti currently they are both idlers Minister yezza buli kimu.
The New Vision is with Arineitwe Mercy and 24 others.
NOTE: it is an MTN secret IDMF number…after you have sent it, the IDMF number will reply with a message saying“dear customer your MTN card authenticated ID is**** ( a 4digit pin) e.g1234…….
#Iccrutoandsangcase Trial to resume on Wednesday 2 October 2013 in the presence of the accused.
Mr. Universe Ivan Byekwaso has already settled in California and ready to fulfil his wish of winning the Body building World Cup and the Natural Olympia in the United States.
Stoltenberg also said that NATO was ready to deploy forces in key alliance member Turkey if needed after Ankara complained about a series of airspace violations by Russian planes.
Makerere University closed over lecturers’ payrise demand.
Teso,Karamoja to receive mosquito nets.
Bukenya Ashid was kidnapped & released after his father paid a ransom of sh5m.
The New Vision is with Lugemwa Duke.
While M7 is still around he is still around.
Will there be any transparency or this is the first & last photo we shall see?
#Breaking NEWS: Benghazi attack suspect Ahmed Abu Khattala who was captured by US forces over the weekend.
There is surely no need to celebrate.
The call on Ugandans to co-exist in peace, unity and harmony has dominated this year’s Christmas and end-of-year messages from religious leaders.
Full details in today's paper-https://vpg.
Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) enforcement officers backed by Police officers at the Pine car bond on Lumumba Avenue and George Street on February 11, 2014.
Breaking: News coming in indicates that AIGP Felix Kaweesi shot.
Is it true that TikTok do remit some data directly to the government of China account?
Keep Calm Uganda, the Pope is Coming.
She has impacted and continues to work with many women from all walks of life mostly victims of domestic violence, young mothers, corporates and students.
The New Vision is with Dorothy Atim Abila and 2 others.
while on the pitch.
Botswana created a statue made of tusks and put it in their airport to serve as a constant reminder.
The Vipers Sports Club ace striker won himself a new car at a glamourous Airtel-FUFA Uganda football awards ceremony held last night at Speke Resort, Munyonyo.
The 2nd Joint Construction Industry Professional Symposium under the theme: Innovation through Collaboration in a Green Economy.
Emotions of a football coach witnessed through the lens at the weekend Corporate games outing.
Stephen Kiprotich finished 2nd in the Tokyo Marathon early on Sunday in a personal best time, which means he sets a NEW NATIONAL RECORD of 2:06:30 as well.
Some high profile players decided to retire shortly after he took over from Stephen Keshi last July, including goalkeeper Vincent Enyeama - Nigeria's most-capped player - who quit after he was replaced as captain.
Adrian I (772–795): 23 years, 10 months and 25 days (8,729 days).
Cranes first choice goalkeeper Abbey Dhaira could be out of the on-going CECAFA Tusker Cup for at least the rest of the group stage matches.
The World Bank, Uganda's largest multilateral lender, supplying cheap credit for health and transport infrastructure, is reassessing its assistance over corruption allegations that have engulfed the OPM.
When did British airways resume landing at Entebbe?
The US Health Secretary is in town.
But allas most of them might end up.
You can,t help him today but others can.
The 'TOTO Christmas Festival' is taking place on Sunday, 11th December 2016 at Kyadondo Rugby Grounds.
The problem of monopoly.
Haha, those guys had power.
3 DAYS TO GO: 3D Tracking joins #PapalWalk drive.
The secretary general to Ali Mazrui Foundation has revealed that over sh69b is required to revive the late Prof.
You will find more relevant information that way.
It was good defending from Per Mertesacker to stop Gyan getting his shot away cleanly.
He messes up, am spanking his butt into the next generation.
Get yourself a copy.
Jimmy Mugerwa works for DFCU and not Tullow oil?
Have a plan of things you want to do, think through the menu, the meats you want to do, the starches, the salads and drinks.
That means they will be mathematically assured more than 50 percent of votes cast in the final official tally, due to be announced Saturday, and a similar proportion of parliamentary seats.
Bayern are potentially 80 minutes away from another Bundesliga title, and Werder Bremen could get relegated.
There is no such thing as loving your child too much.
We Africans can't be shifting the "goalposts" to suit our our agenda!
I honestly think National Water has taken this too far.
In INFRASTRUCTURE : WHY UGANDA NEEDS DECENT STOPOVERS .
New Vision is calling upon you to do something for Nelson Mandela Day.
So don't stress, one people, one love,one creator .
This is the thirteenth parishes to be visited by the Uganda Martyrs team.
Bayern Munchen 1-1 P S G Draw.
Latest: Students of St. Lawrence Senior Secondary Ssonde have been rushed to Kawolo Hospital in Jinja after a bus they were travelling in overturned in Mabira Forest.
This won't help Mr museveni and his government to resolve and stabilize Rwenzori region particularly kasese district.
Speaking at the end of the sanitation week at Nakiwogo landing site market on Friday, the municipal council health inspector, Jimmy Massa, said the measures are aimed at defending Entebbe’s position as the cleanest town in Uganda.
) on weekend to have it.
He should be in jail.
Mali'S military junta began talks with opposition groups on Saturday on its promise to hand power back to civilians, after mounting pressure from neighbouring countries in the weeks since it overthrew the nation's leader.
Don’T be afraid to share and celebrate your wins.
The savers should give us more time.
Turkey on Sunday mourned the killing of at least 95 people in twin suspected suicide bombings on a peace rally in Ankara, its worst ever attack that raised fears for the country's stability.
Let us acknowledge the LORD; let us press on to acknowledge him.
Both the prosecution and defence have disputed claims of either coaching or bribing witnesses to strengthen or weaken the cases.
The match is due to kick off at 11pm.
Lukwago is expected to appear before the tribunal headed by Justice Catherine Bamugemereire, to defend himself against a petition for his removal from office.
Nwe DEA agent/spy .
NUP should realise that the region have been to hell and back, much as they will render their supports, they will mark your words for future reference.
Exactly, that is how they come and before you know it .
The men’s international field has athletes representing 17 different countries.
The rest of Europe – particularly my own country, France – tends to ignore Italy when things go well and to underestimate the potential consequences when things.
She said many women in Parliament fear to contribute to debate.
The only best mode of transport for us who live and use such roads daily is "Footshubishi" am sure they tried and it worked well for them.
Carol Natukunda spent a day at the internal affairs ministry and brings you applicants’ sentiments about the passport office.
Its only burial ceremonies that he delegates.
Electrolyte-loaded athletic drinks, though, can be a source of unnecessary calories, so "drinking water is usually fine until you're exercising for more than one hour.
One of the parts resembles an aeroplane seat part.
Skating is a relatively new sport on the local scene.
Victoria'S dad astonished by her American accent.
She thinks men are opportunists who are there to exploit and batter women.
David Rudisha: "I am very happy.
The New Vision is with Alala Prudence and 13 others.
There were fears by many Sunday night that the gold medal ceremony for the marathon would not take place after the Olympics Closing Ceremony started before it was held.
The Bank of Uganda has recently sold 58.
Ugandans living in the Diaspora have asked government to enact a law that enables them to cast their votes from abroad ahead of the 2016 general elections.
Parliament has paid tribute to fallen industry state minister Dr. James Mutende.
legalise 'ganja' and the populise can become so 'happy' or 'stoned' they wouldn't THINK of committing crime.
Ahaaaaaah, those guys who always go to Kyankwanzi shd always dress like that, and in deep-Yellow, to make the point clear.
The former minster for Ethics and integrity Miria Matembe has said that women Parliamentarians are failing to speak in the House because they lack of self-esteem.
After winning back his MP seat, Sematimba faces another legal battle in court.
“Ah Ah” is all he mutters when asked to explain what happened in the 10,000m final at the Olympic stadium.
The Ministry of Water and Environment through the wetlands management department is working in collaboration with KCCA and the Buganda Kingdom, to survey, demarcate and delineate wetland boundaries.
Who is to blame?
President Yoweri Museveni declared in a speech to the United Nations in New York on Tuesday.
You are and always will be the best thing that ever happened to me.
Ayeni is walking for climate change.
I am in my late 20s,while my boyfriend is 45.
Her time after 5km was 17:58.
Uganda is one of 205 countries at the XXX Olympics and will have five athletes march into the stadium.
Updf expected ADF to be waiting for them?
We are still in it.
The Presidential Candidate hold hands in prayer before the start of the second presidential debate at the Serena International Conference Centre.
I tell u, your amens only increase wrath on you, and your prayers are an abomination unless you learn to seperate gold from stones.
The New Vision is with Jeff Lee.
Mbu Abid Alam fights probe.
The Reuters caption reads: "A policeman (2nd L) of the Special Weapons and Tactics (SWAT) controls a mock rioter during a SWAT police performance drill at a training base in Xi'an, Shaanxi province October 30, 2013".
Teaching youngsters about the society and responsibility is important.
Photos by Nicholas Oneal.
A guy she has on speed dial.
Police in Luuka has arrested a 20-year-old man for allegedly cutting the private parts of his two-year old step son.
#Urbanupdates: A number of ministers have lost the NRM party’s parliamentary primaries.
The accident that occurred at about 100 meters from Gweri secondary school in Gweri Sub-county at midday attracted hundreds of people to the scene.
Atlast i even stopped watching now let me go bac!
Hiv/Aids activists have quoted a new type of prostitution they term as “corporate prostitution”, where prostitutes do not line up on the streets, but have built a network of customers and have managers and a client list.
Scores of freshly-dug graves fill the church compound in Mai-Kadra.
Some people have turned the mistakes into lessons that have helped them to achieve their dreams.
Gayaza High School’s Corby House dormitory, housing 60 students caught fire on Friday night.
In INFRASTRUCTURE : MPACT OF GOLD MINES ON ENVIRONMENT .
Another way of wasting our money.
The New Vision is with Xavier Pascals Otim.
The New Vision is with Nsereko Malexy UG and 2 others.
Then smewhere u say u hve been seeing someone.
A lawsuit filed accuses Google of invading people's privacy by tracking the whereabouts of smartphones users despite "location history" settings being turned off.
According to Bunyoro tradition, the King is faultless and blameless.
Speaking during a weekly news conference at the party headquarters on Tuesday, DP president Norbert Mao said that the party has stood the test of time without state power for sixty years.
Official Government statement on the circumstances surrounding Hon.
#Urbanupdates: Residents in Arua city are still grieving for their 10 children struck to death by lightning.
I know something happens for a reason .
Malawi President Bingu wa Mutharika has died after a heart attack, medical and government sources said on Friday.
This battle is over baboon chicks not power, what was that saying again, All is fair in love and war.
Three points for Jose #Mourinho as he marks his return.
Its not antional issue but a global one.
I like her a lot.
#Urbanupdates: The Ministry of Justice and Constitutional Affairs needs shs.
If you are heading to #Nakawa from the city centre, we can comfortably say that the road is clear for you.
Nakaseke man buried in newspapers, according to his Will.
The Lockdown is not President Museveni's invention.
O God, our heavenly Father, whose glory fills the whole creation, & whose presence we find wherever we go: preserve those who travel; surround them with your loving care; protect them from every danger; & bring them in safety to their journey's end.
Gerald Tenywa brings you a summary of what has been taking place within the last three months.
In HOMES & CONSTRUCTION : ENJOY ORANGES FROM YOUR OWN BACKYARD Get a free copy in Saturday Vision.
Kcca has scoffed at media reports about the impending demolition of over 200 buildings in Kampala, including Mapeera House, labeling them as “alarmist and fabricated".
#Togikwatako g'emawulire agaliwo, ebyo bikadde.
Canaan Luboyera gave his stand Wednesday in Kampala at the land probe commission public hearing.
Our Govt is not Fair,How can one Judge some one of only 75000 with BAd Black of all that she grabbed?
Chris Kalibbala is the new Referees Standing Committee boss replacing Mpiima who has now moved to head the Beach soccer and Futsal Committee.
Pallaso and three accomplices were arrested on Friday for allegedly assaulting a one Patrick Sennyondo and they remain in police detention.
The electoral commission set to announce official results after receiving results from the last state.
The New Vision is with Demario Mark.
In the New Vision Today: Uganda seeks $8Bn loan from China, TASO stops aid to Orphans, Arrested Terror Suspect on List of Most wanted by Somali Gov't, 3000 to get study loans next year, and over 90 Job opportunities.
•What happened to Abriga's murder case?
Live: We are now 10 minutes into the game and it is still goalless between Bayern and Bremen.
The blaze broke out at around 10:15pm on Wednesday evening.
Uganda National Examination Board, ( UNEB) is set to start training for examiners ahead of the reopening of schools next month.
It'S what I came here to do.
The call was made by the party publicist Ibrahim Ssemujju Nganda who was congratulating them for winning as the elected leaders in Buikwe district.
1 - Log on to http://beffta.com/voting 2 - Enter your name and Email address 3 - Select the nomination category: Comedy 1.
Something about each contestant is having only one title, but super grateful to you all for voting.
Where are all those pple going?
But did you know he is also an accomplished businessman who owns the largest local insurance firm?
Read the Saturday Vision for more #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Bishop Paul Ssemwogerere of Kasana-Luweero has called on Christians to spare time for spiritual reexamination as Uganda prepares for Pope Francis' visit due in November.
Besigye and party spokesperson Ssemujju Nganda were arrested as they left their homes and taken to Naggalama Police Post.
Besigye opted not to run for presidency in the forthcoming elections saying he will lead the opposition in plan ‘B’ to cause change in the country.
"Sardine" and "pilchard" are common names used to refer to various small, oily fish .
So, there will be no partying".
Empowered to be kidnapped, raped and killed?
Don’t follow your passions, follow your effort.
Kiprotich cares about his fellow runners and would do anything for them even if it involves financing their participation in races organised anywhere.
The minds that celebrated the passing of the abortion law, are the same that advocate for children’s rights so zealously that it makes a parent that has just given their child a Disney World treat come off a tad unloving.
Share with us your views/experiences.
The two candidates have been asked to step aside from their current positions.
Already the principal accountant, Godfrey Kazinda and Martin Owor, are among a host of senior officers who have been sucked into the virulent vortex.
The New Vision added 11 new photos — with Chelimo Emmanuel and 13 others.
Nathan Nandala was quoted this week as saying that he regretted being a party member of FDC and that had he known the party had ‘cheats’, he would not have participated in the November 2012 presidential party elections.
The military should take over it.
Says he will come back into the city centre to proceed with his rallies for the day as planned.
75 percent of the second-round vote, according to provisional figures published on Tuesday.
Analysts say the development presents new opportunities for the country if well utilised.
Over a week ago, the president told Makerere University lecturers to resort to goat rearing if they cannot continue working without pay rise.
Actions are better than words.
More hands means more output.
Kijanangoma had traveled outside Toro kingdom for the first time since he declared his intentions to take over as King of Toro.
Stolen AMID POWER STRUGGLE".
A self-styled prophet who is the owner of the house reportedly asked the women what their business was and they said they came from Mutorashanga and were flying over Budiriro when they crashed.
Singer Lillian Mbabazi is back on the shelf and is seriously searching.
Why don't people learn a lesson from what's going on to the so called historical sites around Syria & Iraq.
Yoweri Museveni who was re-elected as president in the February 18 polls is set to be served with summon letters requiring him to respond to the election petition that was filed against him by former presidential candidate Amama Mbabazi.
My dad Godfrey Wabendo Julius is one of the best dads this country has.
We took her blood samples to ascertain.
Okupa is the MP for Kasilo County and a member of the Forum for Democratic Change (FDC).
Magogo is marrying a 5th or 10th wife this time .
The Police said Friday they had arrested 10 officials working at a camp housing refugees, mainly from neighbouring Democratic Republic of Congo, for stealing food aid -- see more at: https://goo.
Salim Asha’s breasts developed at the age of eight.
<P><Em>Finance minister Matia Kasaija assures that Uganda's economic growth is expected to rebound to 4.
Amuriat says Besigye will be his adviser when he becomes president because the combination is giving President Museveni sleepless nights.
You can get a complete digital copy online; http://epaper.
I watched this on monday at 2am GMT.
Ugandan musician Robert Ssentamu Kyagulanyi, aka Bobi Wine has been selected to work with Twaweza, a citizen-centred initiative to promote education.
Oryem Simon Tabu, who plays for St. Lawrence University put the University, who are also the hosts ahead in 11".
Notable among those who failed are Rose Nayanja (State minster in-charge of Luweero), MPs Barnabas Tinkasimire (Buyaga West), Theodere Ssekikubo (Lwemiyaga) and Lydia Wanyoto, a former East African Assembly legislator.
Guns and bullets found in apartments attached to Uganda House.
Government spokesman Lambert Mende told AFP that "two policemen were killed" in violence against the ruling party office in Kinshasa's volatile Limete area.
The Danish director set out to investigate the mysterious 1961 plane crash that killed the head of the UN in modern-day Zambia for his latest film -- but says he.
Steven Kavuma is deputy Chief Justice.
The group has been re-arrested for promoting sectarianism and inciting violence, the CID spokesperson Charles Twiine confirmed to the media this morning.
Curse unfotunately, and great natural parks destroyed on the way!
Video: National Unity Platform party spokesperson Joel Ssenyonyi says Chameleone is welcome to the vetting of the candidates to vie for the Lord Mayorship of Kampala City.
Lauded globally as one of the best scripts written for television, the US series was broadcast in more than 200 countries around the world, garnering some accolades along the way.
Do you even know that it's one of the most dangerous countries that make US presidents lose sleep.
A US judge has been suspended for six months without pay after making derogatory comments about Donald Trump, including criticizing his "inability to govern and political incompetence".
They claim the delegates conference where Mao was elected was illegal.
Thats it, its better u raise the argument than ur voice.
The Cabinet has approved an alcohol policy.
Ko is famous for being honest.
This is what Kampala Needs.
What time of day was it?
We have never before seen a pandemic sparked by a coronavirus".
Preliminary findings show that most of the drugs disbursed to public health facilities in the districts were always collected, packed in containers and ferried either to Kenya or South Sudan.
This picture was taken when Mrs Jacqueline Mbambazi was a C/person of Nrm women's League.
Can pay rise be the solution to corruption in public service?
He inspects in the night a wetland.
May his soul rest in peace in this Ramathan karemm ,,,,, kittalo.
IN a bid to expand Entebbe International Airport (EIA), the government has embarked on gazetting land near the airport for procurement and freeze development of storied structures near the runway.
yet the embassy has enoug money for buying tickets.
Amama is totaly benefiting out of this just wait 4 2016.
9b that it owes the company for the different contracts executed over time.
This is a blind assumption.
The New Vision added 5 new photos — with Sylvia Mbakoma.
After his Senior Four, Dr. Lawerence Bategeka, who studied a scholarship from Bunyoro Kingdom, skipped high school to go straight to teacher training college.
Zimbabwean state media and spin doctors rushed Thursday to defend 90-year-old President Robert Mugabe's honour after he fell from a staircase, saying "even Jesus" would have tripped under the circumstances.
After 3 years of marriage, superstar rapper Cardi B filed for divorce from her husband, rapper Offset.
She knew that Sevo will win and applied for a job well in advance.
Building control officers are already celebrating even before being appointed, Ahaaaaa, wabula Uganda.
What started off as a simple interview turned into a really funny exchange of lockdown experiences, something that got many online fans bursting out in laughter, judging from the chuckles encoded through text comments and emojis on YouTube.
It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do," Pele.
The revelations were made by Turkish Justice Minister Bekir Bozdag, who said the ministry had allowed 1,845 cases on charges of insulting Erdogan to proceed, Reuters reports.
The story of the orphan Oliver, who runs away from the workhouse only to be taken in by a den of thieves, shocked readers when it was first published.
Government will start monitoring money that comes to churches and mosques.
That at the current value can buy you a couple of common cars in Uganda .
Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke has joined more than a million others by signing an online petition calling for a comprehensive ban.
She was ten years old when she was spirited from her home in Pakistan to serve ‘evil’ businessman Ilyas Ashar, 84, and his wife Tallat.
Talks to end DR Congo's dangerous political crisis were suspended on Saturday until after Christmas after a fruitless 48 hours of negotiations over President Joseph Kabila's refusal to quit power.
Have you or a person you know fallen victim of fraud in an attempt to purchase land?
I think in this current situation we all ought to be responsible enough.
Where and how they were netted, grab a copy of Uganda’s Leading Daily.
wake up before the whole country mix up!
The former coordinator of intelligence agencies Gen David Sejusa will know his bail fate on February 23, almost a week after general elections.
, then ur welcome back!
Details in the Sunday Vision, grab yourself a copy 👉E-PAPER: bit.
State house spends money then goes to parliament for approval while service delievery ur given money amonth to the end of financial year yet procurement cycle takes around 3 months naye sevo's govt has issues n wen u return that money does it go to treasury ask urself that question?
Uganda'S Jane Suto lies 84th of 116 in the Women's Marathon final.
An anti-tank missile struck an Israeli Defense Forces vehicle in the Har Dov area near the Lebanese border, Israeli media reports.
There will be no room for cheats at this year’s MTN Kampala Marathon.
ADF is Ugandans yes or not?
NEMA warned that dredgers excavating sand from the bottom of Lake Victoria,are destroying the lake.
On this Day Two of UCE exams, we pray for the candidates' success.
President Yoweri Museveni says the government will generate a lot of revenue from air transport after bringing on board an airbase that will make nonstop flights.
I am now reformed,” Kyeyune, 88, told the High Court in Mukono after pleading guilty to defilement.
📲 FREE access to this story 👉🏽 https://t.
Having HIV/AIDS is no longer a death sentence if one takes care of themselves.
When u raise yo kids as kings.
Iryn had been summoned by Interpol boss Asan Kasingye to elucidate further about the drugs she was arrested with two weeks ago at Narita International airport in Japan.
To hell is this crap.
Too many broke gals today offering stuff.
I thought I was going to sprint with KIPSANG in the final kilometres".
Top army officer wins marriage battle against junior .
Get your free copy here: https://epapers.
The Police have raided offices of a gold dealing firm, African Gold Refinery, after getting reports that 7.
Unfortunately you are the only one seeing that speed but we see nothing done so far.
Over one million pupils who enrolled for Primary One under the Universal Primary Education (UPE) in 2006 did not reach Primary Seven.
Read the incredible story of Assistant Commissioner of Police, Dr. John Kamya who has made millions from aloe vera in Pakasa tomorrow.
-Schools might be opening in two weeks’ time.
Mps have asked Police to investigate the payment of sh165b to non combatant war veterans under the Luwero Rwenzori Traingle support programme.
Nakibus Lakara, the AMISOM acting force commander, has said that the peacekeeping troops are re-strategizing o among other things craft in the offensive approach to terrorism in Somalia.
The gains and losses for small and medium enterprises in 2021.
They manipulate the app and you end up paying more than the exact expense you incured.
An MP is on the verge of losing his property over sh100m he borrowed from a city money lending firm last year.
Uganda peoples Congress (UPC) mouthpiece Sharon Arach Oyat has commended the Government for introducing digital stamps.
To get a true picture of your net worth, you need to periodically set aside some time to make an assessment of your personal financial performance.
Awali ekizibu batumayo muganda basobole okwononekka enyo mumasso gaabantu.
The court was petitioned on whether President Yoweri Museveni was right to re-appoint retired Chief Justice Benjamin Odoki.
Gov'T should begin with the head of state b'se he is the head of corruption.
You were blessed to have Aunt Teddy.
Former Miss Uganda 2014/15 Leah Kalanguka,was crowned Miss People’s Choice in Beirut, Lebanon on Tuesday May 31, 2016, after ending up among the first 16 contestants out of the 44 beauty queens who took part in the World Next Top model beauty pageant which has been going on in Lebanon last month.
Kevin C. Price, the Economic and Commercial Officer of US Embassy, said the group will depart for Chicago on March, 13 and are expected to return to Uganda on March 22.
After 2 years😁😁😁,when you keep them beyond that age,they keep on mentioning statements like "Mum and Dad fight every night and morning and Mum cries", Dad is bad because he beats Mum every night 😅😅😅?
The hearing of a court case in which 14 people are accused of attacking an army encampment flopped after the defense lead lawyer failed to show up.
Speaker of Parliament Rebecca Kadaga has vowed to fight against corruption by revealing names of legislators who connive with high-ranking government officials to embezzle government funds.
An Arsenal fan in Kenya stabbed a Liverpool supporter to death on Saturday while they were watching on television as the Merseyside club beat the Londoners 5-1 in the Premier League, said a local police chief.
The New Vision is with Wasswa Arafat and Kiwanuka Meddie.
Sentamu passed away at Mulago Hospital on Tuesday, after a protracted battle with diabetes.
6; Humble yourselves, therefore, under God’s mighty hand, that he may lift you up in due time.
Johan explains more in the video.
The New Vision is with Angel Sent and 4 others.
Speaker of Parliament Rebecca Kadaga has given the Committee of Agriculture, Animal Industries and Fisheries 45 days more, to complete studies to make conclusive.
Sudan will not be joining the East African Community after regional leaders agreed that the country’s application did not meet the set requirements.
The Archbishop of Kampala, Cyprian Kizito Lwanga has called on the current political leadership to prepare for a peaceful handover of power.
What happened to Akena's murderer?
He Will Make It.
The New Vision is with Kabonge Daniel and 3 others.
Fully vaccinated persons aged 50 and above and those with comorbidities can now get booster COVID-19 vaccine doses, the Government has announced.
In a video message, the Kinkizi West MP and former NRM secretary general described the 2016 polls as the most important in a generation, saying.
No any party can bring change apart from UPC.
Kisoro resident district commissioner Ahmed Doka on Tuesday said Uganda’s immigration and customs office at Bunagana border post accessing North Kivu region has not been operational.
The Airbus A320 was flying inside Libya for state-owned airline Afriqiyah Airways with 118 people aboard, the reports said.
He has done it again.
Grab your copy of Saturday Vision #EPAPER- https://vpg.
The salty water affects men’s organs if it enters the urethra, causing sexual and reproductive complications.
“The more you try to be interested in other people, the more you find out about yourself”.
The truth in allegations of police officers swindling COVID-19 allowances for junior officers will be discovered after investigations, the Internal Affairs Minister, Gen.
This meant that slightly over 10% of the men at that place, at that given time could not get a woman pregnant, not naturally at least.
Talk to them about the difference between male and female and point out some of the harm that can arise out of these differences.
The New Vision is with Enock Sunah and 6 others.
A quick online search produced an impressive array of variations.
I wouldn't wish anyone to contract this bad virus.
Where are this guyz coming from?
Because again is practice, and practice is improvement”.
The game is yet to come to life but you get the feeling it isn't far away from exploding into life.
The Mastercard Foundation has signed a $1.
Is it that greedy ?
Yoweri Museveni at his headquarters in Bulemezi, two years earlier in July 1984.
Minister Nantaba's Fails to clear litigation costs.
Try to solve conflicts in a fair and rational way.
Authorities in Bududa have called off the search for more bodies of people who perished after a massive landslide struck several villages and the site has been declared a mass grave.
Zadoch Bahwera of Kyaruyimuka Church of Uganda in Kagamba sub-county was admitted in Rakai Hospital in critical condition after he was hacked by a farmer in Bukenke village who suspected him of trying to steal a bunch of matooke (plantain) from his plantation.
Sadly, the current occupant of Aso Rock has wrecked the economy.
The first words transmitted were: “MrWatson, come here.
As Uganda prepares to produce oil, we delve into the early warning systems and measures that will ensure the environment and host population is protected.
In spite of the recent bad image, I'm handing over a police force that is much better shaped.
The New Vision is with Martin Kiregomwebembezi.
Share what makes your father special via our Citizen Journalism platform in the New Vision Digital Experience App and we shall tell the world about him.
We have a 14-page tribute to the man of many gifts; a church pillar; an Entrepreneur; a lover of music and a friend of many.
Amara Bangura, 35, told the BBC he was initially accepted but then was refused a place to stay by two separate landlords in Norwich when they saw his passport and found he originated from one of the worst-hit Ebola countries.
The Catholic Church in Uganda yesterday (February 17) celebrated 135 years since Pere Simeon Lourdel (Mapeera) and Delmas Amans (Amansi) came to Uganda on 17, February, 1879.
2Nd INFRASTRUCTURE SUMMIT 2/4: PHOTO 2 - Commissioning of KPA Berth No.
First deputy prime minister Rebecca Kadaga, has hit at fish processors over recent remarks that all Nile perch fish from Uganda should be exported.
Its always been my dream, and I belive that one day I will become the president of Uganda.
He added that their fighters are known not to come back when they go for such missions and the worse can be expected.
Find out why, only in the New Vision.
The New Vision added 32 new photos — with James Musherure.
#2021Recap: The results announced by EC chairperson Justice Simon Byabakama showed that Museveni beat Kyagulanyi by 2,411,461 votes.
"The reality is that most CCTV footage will never be looked at, until well after the crime is committed.
In a process, it climbed a tall tree and hid in the top branches.
This was during his encounter with mountain gorillas in Bwindi Impenetrable Forest National Park.
Happening NOW: General Assembly, where resolutions from different meetings of the #64CPC2019 will be presented and adopted.
An experimental HIV vaccine based on mRNA the same technology used in two highly successful Covid-19 vaccines has shown promise in experiments in mice and monkeys.
As it stands (if the game ended at this point), Venoms are on 54 points while the Purple Sharks are on 30.
It was my very first book to read in college and get interested in reading all the other books.
Winnie and mose .
That girl has had four children so far.
The campaign that was launched by the Archbishop of Kampala, Dr Cyprian Kizito Lwanga at The Holy Family Catholic Parish, Namayumba in Wakiso District last January is part of the story-telling campaign to make the Christians aware of the jubilee celebrations for the 22 Uganda Martyrs since they were canonised.
9 million learners hangs in balance.
Therefore, the hospital discharged him to continue his recuperation at home.
The New Vision is with Amos Okiror.
After several jobs, he was not contented and eventually quit employment to pursue his first love not as a practitioner but an entrepreneur all the obstacles notwithstanding.
Bunyoro-Kitara Kingdom prime minister Andrew Kirungi Byakutaga has implored leaders in the region to support farmers to improve the maize value chain.
I do the same no big deal.
In a medium bowl, mix together cream cheese and confectioners' sugar until smooth and creamy.
As Uganda and the rest of the world prepare to usher in a new year, the Interparty Organization for Dialogue (IPOD) has urged Ugandans to be security conscious.
"Wayne'S record speaks for itself.
As soon as Lottie arrives at Rosewood, rumors begin to fly.
An employee of Stanbic Bank, who allegedly masterminded the fraudulent transfer of sh10.
The New Vision is with Wegulo Saidi.
MPs from the ruling party and opposition heap praise on Golden Boy.
Clashes resumed when the Congolese learnt the officer had been killed.
Good job Ugandans, finally something positive coming from the East African country apart from the police brutality and parliament raids.
Government skips spy cameras in 2017/18 budget.
Uganda'S President; Yoweri Kaguta Museveni; "General Tinyefuza is making political statements.
Different human rights experts have expressed concern over the new increasing forms of sexual violence in conflict areas.
Oh my God, some of us who use commuter taxis where r we heading?
Great Lakes Institute for Strategic Studies (GLISS), YOTV Channels, MTN Uganda in collaboration with the Pearlwood Association are pleased to announce the Pearlwood Awards 2020 and the lunch of the FOR HER 2021 Pearlwood Awards Edition.
The New Vision is with Okodi Enos and 38 others.
He does not want me to wear any makeup.
Top ARMY OFFICERS FIGHT OVER WOMAN.
While the floods were unavoidable, the damage was totally unvailable.
President Yoweri Museveni launched a Runyoro-Rutooro dictionary, this morning in Fort Portal.
Beep me when u r done with this topic.
But about you i can ask you that who are you to Rwanda?
Captured by Robert Kabushenga.
Former UBC boss Paul Kihika is being investigated over loss of billions from the TV.
Information from the International Telecommunications Union indicates that internet usage in Uganda has risen from 40,000 in 2000 to two million in 2008 and to about five million in 2012.
An average of two drinks per day, for example, translated into a 7.
Minister of State for Relief, Disaster Preparedness and Refugees, Musa Ecweru has asked Ugandans to be prepared for the El Niño rains that could occur in a month's time.
Grab a copy of the New Vision for MORE #EPAPER-https://epaper.
The story about this lady is very inspirational and positive!
We have details of the court case and the charges Oulanyah is facing.
Now what kind of a heading is this which voters are these nrm voters or uganda universal voters.
Hon: Mike u very wright coz da Bible recomends 2 4give.
Scores of residents have asked the government for an immediate deployment of more soldiers in Kaabong aimed at combating acts of violence in the district.
I bet it doesn't.
It's what you do for others.
“The men should be humble and take care of their wives”, he counseled on Saturday addressing guests at the wedding reception of Mr. Kenneth Baija and Sarah Nduhukire The reception was held at the Uganda Manufacturers’ Association (UMA) Conference Hall, Lugogo in Kampala.
A former Olympic gold medallist has said that a complete overhaul of the Athletics Kenya leadership is needed if widespread doping and corruption in the sport is to be dealt with effectively.
The only Ugandan with the best time management.
It is said that one of the workers at the washing bay drove the car to an unidentified location, but it was later tracked and found in a garage in Kanyanya, Kampala Metropolitan police spokesperson, Patrick Onyango, said.
Ratuity not paid, every month they have to confirm that they are not dead, monthly payments in arrears of five month" MD NSSF, do you want us to be like that?
Find out who was so involved in today's paper-https://vpg.
Check the attachment for details on how to.
Do not miss what is going on and the background to this saga.
Coach Abbey Arum Mugayi has tipped motor-mouthed martial artist Moses Golola for better prospects in boxing following his victory over Egyptian Saber Abdelghani.
More than 1,300 rhinos were poached in Africa last year, a record since 2008 when South Africa banned trade in rhino horns, leading conservation body IUCN said on Wednesday.
Fire gutted a cotton factory in Mukono District leaving property worth millions of shillings destroyed.
A former nursing home worker has been arrested for allegedly throwing an 87-year-old resident from a balcony to his death, police said Tuesday.
Hiv is a personal responsibility to every one, if you still don't have is your responsibility to protect yourself and if you have it's your responsibility to take your medication well.
Usa has b'me aLaughing state.
Who paid His fee?
Dutch legend Johan Cruyff, regarded as one of the world's greatest-ever footballers, has been diagnosed with lung cancer, his management team said on Thursday, as messages of support poured in.
Stanley Mpamize, a trained teacher and businessman, is the proprietor of Trinity Schools.
Hw many have been dishonoured anyway?
And also degrade the environment more !
She can’t even make her own speeche.
Why would a Ugandan man want a lot more children than his wife can possibly give?
Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) executive director Jennifer Musisi has constituted a physical planning committee, following a directive from Frank Tumwebaze, the Minister for the Presidency.
#Fact: 50 Cent made most of his money not from rapping, but from an investment in Vitamin Water - He made 10 times more than he ever made rapping.
This is an isolated incidence.
The New Vision is with Friyyo Wízkìd Prëzzô and 3 others.
Police said Joan Kagezi was killed Monday, a few minutes to 8.
Like this page for more news updates.
Iphone 5s was launched 3 days ago but every one is commenting as if they have used it!
No matter what you want to do with your life, be passionate”.
"As UPC, we are ready for a national dialogue.
According to Dr Ongom Robert the acting District Health Officer, last week alone, 9,128 cases of malaria were reported in government health facilities in which since the upsurge of the outbreak in April last year to date, 321,967 cases have been treated.
Busoga diocese has increased the number of services, from three to four ahead of the resumption of holding prayers.
2 million residents can now access the Internet at modern speeds.
We have to fill and build flyover.
Liverpool'S stuttering start to the Barclays Premier League season continued when Russell Martin cancelled out Danny Ings' first goal for his new club to salvage a 1-1 draw for Norwich City at Anfield today Sunday.
Tumwesigye alias 'Kim Ueno', a Ugandan music promoter based in Japan, was arrested from his home in Kampala after Namubiru accused him of being the owner of the narcotic drugs which she reportedly carried from Uganda to Japan.
Wilberforce Kityo Luwalira, as he walked his first born daughter, Esther Grace Nabbembe, down the Namirembe Cathedral aisle.
Some of the children recently found at the Ssese Humanitarian Services centre run by Bernhard Glaser, a #German national accused of abusing them, told New Vision about their stay at the centre and the manner in which he treated them.
⚽️ Fake passport scandal: Ronaldinho lawyers push for his release 👉.
The important thing is not to stop questioning," Albert Einstein.
Get the answer in New Vision.
Her nephew then went to school and when asked to write a composition about how he spent his Saturday, he narrated how his aunt survived the attack following the warning.
Hihihiiii mbu Order frm above.
The Judiciary has assured the public that it does not operate as a racket of mafias in its system as it was reported in one of the daily newspapers early this month.
It’s always complicated by the things the two of you have in common, such as friends and hangouts.
The High Court has blocked a move by KCCA to take over Owino market.
Over 30 people are feared dead after a Ugandan bus got involved in an accident on the Juba Nimule Road in South Sudan.
Which type of development are they looking for.
The leaders have until December 30 to find stolen signposts and reflectors meant for road safety on the Soroti-Lira and Kabale-Kisoro roads or they should be sacked, the President has directed.
It takes a lot to train one.
It looks exactly like a fb111 from 30+ years ago.
The Uganda Human Rights Commission (UHRC) has named the police force, army and their affiliate organs as the worst human rights offenders in its 2011 report.
The new year begins with a sense of reflection, renewed hope and commitment.
It would have been free, and it is K C C A to cater for that!
It's not even granted at the discretion of the court.
i think u kcca just woke up.
Its first of feb?
The account did not return request for comment and only became active Wednesday.
Today'S New Vision Front Page.
-No exit or entry into the country either by water or land.
A high-level board of inquiry will investigate how United Nations peacekeepers responded to an attack at their camp in South Sudan where tens of thousands of civilians were sheltering, a UN spokesman said Friday.
She is a disgrace, how could she murder an innocent civilian, who wanted to assassinate her?
One of the best and renowned sleep hacks is to have a quick read of a good book.
The United Kingdom, alongside Norway, Ireland and Denmark, all recently announced their suspension of aid.
Ghosts found on Gulu district pay roll.
I love WATOTO & no weapon formed against them shall prosper.
Always remember you have within you the strength, the patience and the passion to reach for the stars, to change the world”.
Mugabe came to power as a Mao-jacketed revolutionary, who charmed the West with his policy of racial reconciliation.
He then suggested either divorcing his wife, having a secret affair with me or I becoming his second wife.
This implies that 14% of Ugandan babies are born before their due date, which results into death of some, while others grow up with ill-health.
Get the full details of the damage and loss at hand, in today's New Vision.
The New Vision is with Prince Tonny Joseph Muyego and Immaculate Jacqueline Nakigozi.
Be the one to break the news with New Vision's Citizen Journalism feature.
The board was inaugurated at the end of last year.
Washington is trying to verify reports that a senior commander of the brutal Lord's Resistance Army has surrendered to American forces, a US official has said.
Album The Kampala Archdiocese yesterday.
The Clan/Tribeof the Ruling party to succeed the founder of the party this show leadership by Examples of their Grand pa, fa,br, even the femanine, this is common in Africa.
The Best President In the World.
Kyambogo University the second biggest Government higher institution of learning has been closed due to a lectures strike.
But now they are on the streets striking, which means people are not scared of the disease!
That'S what this government calls steady progress.
I admired the Way he was respectful at Reception, no Pomp even with all his Wealth plus Power.
The New Vision is with Moses Nathan Muhangi and Kyagaba Ali.
Sometimes, you can find yourself alone due to issues beyond your control.
why do we even have leaders?
Customers are now not allowed to buy more than four kilogrammes.
✍️ We are building up President Museveni's New Year's national address scheduled for 8pm tonight.
Clause 9 of the Bill is bad for the country.
Find out what the UPDF is doing about it, only in the New Vision.
The youthful generation in their mid-thirties and early forties relate well with this name.
His return was against the background of insecurity in Kasese.
Mugisha Muntu and Col.
This follows the recent arrest of 40 armed M23 fighters in western Uganda.
China will ban all ivory trade and processing by the end of 2017, the government said, in a move hailed by conservationists as a "game changer" for African elephants.
However, things seem serious and with time, I think people will get to know about it.
Oh yeah oh yeah argentina we go nanananananana.
And he was described as a murderer, dictator!
Worrying: Over 200 wetlands in south western Uganda destroyed by the encroachers.
The God they serve is more powerful than gov'nt itself.
Put up quite a show at last night's catwalk.
While celebrating 25yrs as King of Tooro, Oyo Nyimba Kabamba Iguru and his mother, Best Kemigisa, thanked God for the gift of life.
This is the first time since 1994 that an American has not led the rankings.
Prisons representative Akena Samuel: Kiprotich will always have a home in Prisons.
⚽️ It is 39 minutes into the game and #ManUtd are three goals up against #Burnley at Old Trafford.
and also wins gold.
-Nrm wants independents to get party discharge certificates.
'Your home is the surest security for children from bullies and abusers.
You are still young to be desperate for marriage and feel bad towards other peoples success.
Bashir said he was not worried that U.S. authorities would arrest him, as demanded by human rights groups, because Washington is not a member of the ICC.
Seven year-old Dalton Silaje Mubiru moved mourners to tears; and emotions run high as irate residents gathered at the late Sam Mubiru Tabaala’s home, whose body was found in his vehicle on Sunday morning in Kyanja near Kisasi.
I thought am alone in it .
It has been a breathless first half at the Sao Paolo Stadium.
Museveni has made a directive on tourism roads.
Only IN THE SUNDAY VISION #Epaper: https://t.
The General public will feel the pinch of high taxes without service delivery; Only then, they will raise up and put an end to this foolery.
Vrt public television said the incident involved an adolescent who was about to turn 18.
Maduro blames the power shortages on a drought that has dried up Venezuela's hydroelectric dams.
Cover and steep 3 minutes.
ly/2xxAc90 for more details on how to apply.
In ahome or clan where achild steals,expect the father or mother to be athief.
This is the 'DOT COM ERA!
Death toll climbs to 30 with more injuries reported.
Hydroponic farming; the solution to urban farming.
Food is what fuels your body to reach your goals, and without proper nutrition through quality foods, you’re likely to stall.
Human life expectancy has increased more in the last 50 years than in the previous 200,000 years of human existence.
In HOMES & CONSTRUCTION : Bathrooms, the walk-in shower, choosing plumbers, bathroom accidents, recycling bathroom water and water-proofing walls, among others.
The incidents came just two weeks after the resurgent militant group overran the key northern city of Kunduz, their biggest military victory in 14 years of war.
And U call dat "crawling out of poverty" 1st of ol money loses value (inflation) and u didnt cater 4 dat.
had the gangsters gone for early breakfast?
But when he comes almight God.
Thts money power together wt love lust.
The Supreme Mufti, Sheikh Siliman Kasule Ndirangwa, has asked the family of the late Sheikh Nuhu Muzaata Batte to stay calm as they recover from his shocking death.
President Yoweri Museveni has said the issue of homosexuality and lesbianism has been totally distorted leading to wrong public debate.
Pakasa Forum on at Kampala Parents.
Have you been buying electrical appliance from Kampala, they could be fake.
What could have been going through his mind?
Analysis: How safe are our children?
An audit into Gulu district operations has established that over sh641m is feared to have been lost to suspected ghost staff, triple salary payments and abandoned construction projects.
So let each walk on his own.
I still looking at the vaccine i should go for.
You'Ll not divert us though.
Studies have found that smiling is 69% more attractive than wearing makeup.
This Namugongo bound taxi no.
Bt ds hyna can foolish us.
All criminals will pay for their sins, including those hiding in Congo.
Are we ready to align ourselves with the BRICS?
Mourinho’S capacity to heap negative publicity on his clubs led Chelsea to encourage him to adopt a less combative profile when he returned to the club in 2013, though when the outfit struggled last season he was in perpetual conflict with opposition managers, the media and, to some extent, fans.
The Twatoba singer says that his fallen brother AK47’s music must exist.
Bridges across the rivers in various parts of Kasese have collapsed cutting off 19 sub-counties and the district headquarters at Rukoki.
Every man's death diminishes me.
Social people are predisposed to better health, according to Dr. Gregory Lewis Fricchione, director of the Benson-Henry Institute for Mind Body Medicine at Massachusetts General Hospital.
Pour the burnt butter over it, being careful not to spatter.
It is 8:00am local time.
Isaac Luzinda of St.Thomas Church of Uganda, Kiwanga in Misindye parish, Mukono diocese, said that many Christians give stolen gifts to God as tithe, thanksgiving and offertory which include money, cement, matooke, chicken, goats, cows among other things.
The woman was then comforted by concerned family and friends in the staircase before being transferred to hospital.
or let them hide properly.
The #Constitutional #Court Blocks Expelled MPs Again.
For you are my shield and my strong tower.
Essentially on every 26th January, our temple, Shree Kutch Satsang Swaminarayan Temple, Kampala, based in Old Kampala, celebrates a host of festivities some of which to recognize the historic days i.e. the NRM day (Uganda) as well as the Republican Day (India) as well as mark an important day in the Temple's yearly planner for Charity and Benevolence one," said one of the celebrants.
My parents were generally happily married until after their 30th anniversary when Dad went on a rampage.
when robbers see police, they tend hide from them or pretend to be busy but now that KCCA is on their case, we are safe.
Do not be fooled though, this did not guarantee an easy search for Judges Esther Nabaasa, Siima Sabiti and Ken Daniels Kayongo.
The deceased was a resident of Kikaya, Sumbwe parish, in Wakiso district.
Two supporters of the FDC party died yesterday afternoon with many others injured when the vehicle they were travelling, the so called FDC Mamba, crushed in Jinja town.
The sad civilian stories are moving one to near tears.
shall bless him .
The New Vision is with Namaemba Edith Esther.
Find his story in Pakasa tomorrow only in The New Vision.
About one million Ugandans (6.
Kindly Follow instructions on the poster to send through your nominees, explaining why they are the most admirable.
This can amount to 96 additional calories burned if you drink 2 liters (67 oz) of water per day .
Islamic State has threatened to kill Japanese hostage and the Jordanian pilot in 24 hours, according to a video.
We want service delivery and good governance.
It's everyone's constitutional right only denied once the prosecution success compelling reasons in court.
A whole frog, minus the flies and croak, will soon be offered as a burger by a cafe in the Japanese city of Yokohama.
“Our cultures are good and were given to us by our parents but some tendencies have crept up to abuse them by mixing them up with satanic ones,” Msgr Kasibante said.
The notice also states that Global Trust will remain closed until further notice.
Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.
“That is the normal procedure.
The New Vision is with Martin Mugizi.
Just like South Sudan Richard Ruati?
The only suitcases were metallic ones now kids have leather.
President Kaguta Museveni accompanied by his wife, the First Lady, Janet Museveni, arrive at Entebbe Airport to welcome home the Bombardier CRJ900 planes.
with a wicked twist of course.
Kenneth struck barely a month after Cyclone Idai cut a path of destruction through central Mozambique, Malawi and Zimbabwe, leaving more than 1,000 dead.
Kagimu wants the Constitutional Court to pronounce itself on legality of the current NRM constitution.
Flight infomation on Entebbe play ground!
Inna lillah wa ina illaihi rajiun.
"The boat is Malaysian registered," Wan Abdul Bari Abdul Khalid, head of Malaysia's Eastern Sabah Security Command, told AFP, without providing further details.
I proposed to the 2 fora the step of taking on the development budget of the country and also focusing on the roads and electricity.
Health TIP: Limit sugary and caffeinated beverages.
Don't make me have a bad Saturday.
I wonder why we even call Agric our backbone wen we dnt fully fund it.
When I asked him about it, he said he does not see it at all and said in any case it is not his family I am marrying but him.
More Details in today's paper- https://vpg.
There are two great days in a person's life - the day we are born and the day we discover why.
The deputy head of the Civil Division of the High Court will preside over the case after the parties failed to reach an out-of-court settlement.
Here'S a sneak peep into an amazing value for money with Uganda's Leading daily.
Who will crack first?
Look at all of them, they are all yearning for money but not representing the interests of their people who voted them to power.
In which context is this?
Are men better hair stylists than women?
The prosecution case against Foreign Affairs Minister Sam Kutesa, for Gender John Nasasira and of Labour Mwesigwa Rukutana closed on November 2, after testimonies of 11 witnesses and a written statement of the twelfth.
The European Parliament has adopted a resolution calling for the introduction of an arms embargo against Saudi Arabia, The Greens political group reported on its website.
People will always appreciate good work and with money everything is set and simple' - Azawi | bit.
A court in London Tuesday heard the case in which a Ugandan man is accused of stabbing his Rwandan wife to death.
Not quite, said a study.
No sooner had I finished the phrase than the boat capsized.
Details in the Saturday Vision #EPAPER-https://vpg.
Meanwhile in other news, jaja is locking horns with Covid19 in battle of supremacy.
According to army spokesperson Col.
A call center being set up.
Details of the ruling inside the New Vision.
Being a psychic means that I cannot be judgmental and what I enjoy most is connecting to people, their situation, feeling what they feel and being able to explain why things are playing out the way that they have been or will.
Health & BEAUTY: Your stool, what the colour, texture means.
The Uganda Joint Christian Council has expressed concern over what they called breach of an agreement they made with the Govt on the provision of education.
This guy is just playing and preying on naive minds.
The New Vision is with Stephen Kirwa and Àlèxandèr Òchièng.
The computers were stolen from the departments of journalism and communication, social sciences, philosophy and literature.
Uganda CRANES XI: Denis Onyango, Simeon Masaba, Nestroy Kizito, Ibra Sekagya (capt), Andy Mwesigwa, Mudde Musa, Joseph Kabagambe, Tonny Mawejje, Godfrey Walusimbi, Geoffrey Massa, David Obua.
Sad NEWS : Former Tourism minister Maria Mutagamba passes on.
Henry Luke Orombi reminded hospital staff that the patients taken in ill require love, care and attention as part of their healing process.
In the name of Christ Jesus, please guide me towards the fruition of a successful, and fulfilling day.
Diz is weya de wald iz going.
The two students who are training to become instructors sustained minor injuries and have been identified as George Mazige and Innocent Shwun.
The much awaited activity has been set for Friday March, 02 2018.
The New Vision added 22 new photos — with Ron Mutebi Nsubuga and 19 others.
Do Catholics even understand God?
Scott McTominay opened the scoring, Ben Mee turned the ball in his own net, before Ronaldo made it three!
Catch up on #TodayAroundUganda in this podcast featuring soundbites from MPs Latif Ssebagala, Adolf Mwesigye, Speaker Rebecca Kadaga, etc.
New Vision has the analysis.
Full analysis on the Jinja polls .
The New Vision is with AL-Awazy Ousamah Prince.
Greenhouse farming is possible anywhere.
Teenage Hadebe struck twice in the first half in a match that served as a warm up for Saturday’s AFCON qualifier against Botswana.
Pick your The Sunday Vision now!
The Cake Affair cake fair is the official cheat day.
Every society ought to appreciate those who put others before themselves.
The school director, Lawrence Mulindwa, on behalf of the school management, handed over sh5m to Vision Group CEO Robert Kabushenga at the school campus at A’Level premises on Tuesday.
every year,dse he not grow old like other?
#Breaking: The handover of LRA's No.
"He (Bantariza) was the chief signatory and he appointed another official as a co-signatory.
Did sports officials leading Uganda's team to the recent Commonwealth Games in India carry along their wives and girl-fiends?
Developed by Airbus Group, E-Fan aircraft has zero carbon dioxide emissions in flight and should bring a significant reduction in noise around airfields.
📽️ RISE AND SHINE!
The New Vision is with Subaru Washington.
Many will say their own words.
Parliament has demanded that government halts all development on the land formerly housing Nabagereka Primary School, which was evicted and demolished last month.
Congolese singer Antoine Christophe Agbepa Mumba, a.k.a Koffi Olomide and his music are still relevant to Uganda.
Exactly 3 years ago, the Somali-based al-Shabaab militants, who have close links with the world’s leading terror group, Al Qaeda, attacked Uganda, killing 76 people who were watching the final of the FIFA World Cup.
They say Ugandan men have to do two things in their lives:build a house, and get married.
insteady of denoting medicine in mulago hsptal.
Reading their joint statement to the media at Cardinal Nsubuga Training Centre in Nsambya, UJCC executive secretary, Rev.
I swear this pope seems super satanic and more than than.
Govt injects billions of shillings to kick start the business.
The first phase, which will revamp the prime land that has been idle, will cost $27m.
Five MINUTES LEFT .
Two is company, three is a crowd.
There is no soccer in Uganda unless we start nurturing young talents to save the future.
Judge’S word is final.
McIlroy joins Jack Nicklaus & Tiger as the only players to win 3 Majors by age of 25.
It seems you gat a better option option prior this post, follow suit.
Well, today the league games start.
parents have relegated their duties, the demands of work, area you are based in to.
No law spells out how unclaimed mobile money balances should be handled.
The New Vision is with Phionah Namatovu Yiga and 2 others.
One of the side effects of our education system is that, It prepares Ugandan citizens to think like they have cow dung in their heads.
The New Vision added 10 new photos — in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.
Kipoi was arrested last evening at around 10:30 in Matimuku Guest House, Njala Village, Fortportal, Kabarole district, while he was holding a meeting with some Ugandan security officers and Congolese rebel officers according to a Police statement.
Excellent time for love.
Hassan Figo Mubiru (pictured) was credited with giving Express the win that got the club its first title since 1997.
A collection by Flashy Bridals.
He is a former parliamentary commissioner who will handle finances for CPC.
Details of this story in your copy of the Sunday Vision.
Education Minister Jessica Alupo has applauded Uganda National Examination Board's (UNEB) outgoing executive secretary Matthew Bukenya, for leaving a clean legacy over his twenty years of service at the institution.
What if he's not guilty?
Be willing to take on large projects or learn new skills-show your supervisor the impact you can make on the company.
Besigye’s trial to Luzira-https://vpg.
Each has one win, Who do you think takes it this time?
Secondly why hasn't the IGG intervened when all we hear is the embezzlement of the so called " refugee cash" by the untouchables?
They urged Muslims to focus on mobilising funds among themselves as entrepreneurs, to establish projects of developing different skills.
Gone UP IN FLAMES!
October 26 Kampala Serena Hotel.
Entebbe ICT park to rake in sh219.
Robert Kabushenga called on the public to start nominating the best farmers across the country.
Dr Congo opposition leader Moise Katumbi said Monday he will return to his country on May 20 from three years of self-imposed exile to fight a bid to change the nation's constitution.
He only joined school at 11, often walked for miles to class, peddling crude waragi on a bicycle for equally long distances to raise his school fees.
The New Vision is with Insidestory BashiLeaks.
Iam so must interested in this case.
The Serere District Woman Member of Parliament, now the newly appointed state minister for fisheries, Hellen Adoa Abeku was Monday warmly welcomed by thousands of her supporters at her home in Kaku village, Olio Sub County.
She must have been doing her best to train the young ones with all the commitment and resources available.
Diego Costa has now scored TEN goals in nine Premier League games for Chelsea.
The incident occured yesterday; November 13 at 2pm at Kayilikiti village in Nyendo-Ssenyange division in Masaka Municipality.
It will have serious negative effect on both businesses and private economies.
He had his arm around me some of the night and even held my hand but that’s all we did.
The New Vision is with Friyyo Wízkìd Prëzzô and 12 others.
He is one of the founders of the Maldivian Democratic Party.
Is this National news?
Admissions for the February intake and normal classes / exams resumed this morning as the studio is being reconstructed.
Mumbere 4got 2 knw dat this body has never got spare part.
Updf withdraw from South Sudan starts today October 12, ministry of foreign affairs permanent secretary James Mugume has announced.
It must be on the primary school syllabus.
You’Re dating a human, not a magical psychic.
That statement, At least.
Subscribe to our #EPAPER;.
Sejusa is currently in London.
Chile'S President Michelle Bachelet has visited a 14-year-old girl suffering from cystic fibrosis who made a heart-wrenching video appeal to be allowed to end her life.
Though most likely it was not cost effective.
Don let nobody tell ya otherwise, we should jus push for everlastn peace twixt da two!
🗞️ Read the #EPAPER here 👉🏽.
The police working on a tip off have rearrested businessman Godfrey Kato Kajubi in connection with the 2008 murder of 12 year old Joseph Kasirye, a year after he went into hiding.
The Inspector General of Police Maj.
God should removes this man life's.
Isaiah Ndiege to stay away from the university premises, pending the outcome of the main case he filed challenging the decision to sack him.
The New Vision added 54 new photos — with Kisamba Mugerwa Wilberforce.
President Yoweri Museveni has been busy out of the county, attending the 32nd Ordinary Summit of the African Union Heads of State in the Ethiopian capital Addis.
Hundreds of people on Monday, June, 16, 2014 welcomed foreign affairs minister Sam Kutesa from Entebbe airport.
Acts of lawlessness murders, illegal fishing and smuggling on Lake Victoria have reached alarming levels.
Accused of possessing weapons of mass destruction by a Western coalition, Iraq was then invaded and Saddam Hussein deposed, tried and executed.
and lets be patriotic enough for our nation to grow and also develop.
Why can't they defy their intimidation and follow their conscious?
Today we celebrate you.
The New Vision is with Aboo H Emmy and 5 others.
In a message delivered by Francis Lubowa, Maria's father, the president has promised to see to it that all officers work hand in hand to apprehend the criminals.
The police patrol that was on high speed trying to intercept Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) presidential flag bearer, Patrick Oboi Amuriat's convoy lost control, overturned, and fell into a valley.
The man's older brother appears to have tried to smuggle him into Spain by ferry.
Sources disclosed that he paid sh1.
The International Community of Banyakigezi (ICOB) Convention is taking place in Toronto, Canada.
u a chating with me plizzz.
I'M sure we would have noticed that.
83% of the total population of over 8 million voted overwhelmingly for independence.
President Yoweri Museveni has described Uganda as one of the most peace place on the globe.
The coronation happened after the lifting of a ban on kingdoms in Uganda in 1967 by former Ugandan President Dr. Apollo Milton Obote.
"It requires those dedicated to the service of others".
In a small bowl, stir together the remaining 3/4 teaspoon garam masala, remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt, the yogurt and cornstarch.
Our reporters bring you the details of the smuggling, ring operations on the landing sites in Buikwe district.
Uganda’S 2012 London Olympics gold medalist Stephen Kiprotich arrives in the Country tomorrow morning.
Uganda, China partner to develop Busoga.
Court in a ruling on Friday asked the Speaker of Parliament to stop MPs.
Can Laurence Mahatlane deliver Cricket Cranes to the 2023 Cricket World Cup?
President-Elect Joe Biden introduced a seasoned national security team which he said was prepared to resume US leadership of the world once Donald Trump leaves the White House.
All efforts put in ever since magara died are much appreciated but please do the for all Ugandans.
The New Vision is with Angel Sent and Kiwanuka Meddie.
The stage, Vicarage Road Stadium, is set.
I have been using this new MTN tweak for about two weeks now…I have #38600 on my balance right now…let me share this tweak with you guys.
All roads today will be leading to Theatre Labonita this evening as drama group, Ebonies led by Sam Bagenda aka Dr. Bbosa celebrates over 30 years of entertaining the country.
�Sign up here to receive your invitation>>.
I really doubt whether these ogwang gwenos with their meagre earnings can handle the sophistication of terrorists.
What kind of reported speech is this?
‘It was a surprise attack on ADF rebels that are wandering in the forest near the town of Bandindese.
Ok, that explains why Ayume didn't last after the burial of his brother!
All these you will achieve in a twinkle of an eye when you get initiated into the GREAT ILLUMINATI WORLD ORDER.
The New Vision is with Samuel Ssebuliba.
Who WISH TO JOIN ME MAKE MTN PAY FOR ALL OUR LOSSES TO THEM ?
Who DO YOU THINK DESERVES THIS AWARD?
You are fooling who?
Can'T top officials fight themselves without involving poor kids.
nd remember da years sh kept u,sh Neva asked u wen ua leaving her!
Our administration minus the Lord Mayor is fantastic," Musisi said.
Most opinion polls to be treated with caution in Turkey suggest Erdogan will fall short of 50% in the first round.
If they are to get relief, fees should remain the same.
U eat on the table of devils, and think to eat on the table of God too?
Shaban #Bantariza gets bail from the General Court Martial.
they have ARABS HEARTLESS.
Juba city was deserted and businesses closed.
In Parliament today; Mp Janet Museveni: "I raise to support the #TaxOnkerosene ,the levy on kerosene teaches Ugandans to also contribute to their nation".
Not only do they have large noses but they also have come packaged with a big pot belly for their special digestive system, enabling them to eat unripe fruit and leaves.
Lawyers have urged the Government to include them on the list of essential workers so as to provide legal services in the country during the lockdown.
These buzy 4 nothing guys if their lucking wat 2 do let them kam n help us in our plantations n at da end of da season we shall hv somthn 2 sho ppo instead of them wastng tym on useles thngs.
What words of encouragement do you have for them?
Then, for the past four years he has lost his sex drive; I’ve been supportive, but he shows no affection to me.
He is right, how can you listen to the commands of those young MPs like Mwijukye who doesn't know the procedures and operations of the bank.
Parenting Tip:Encourage daddy time.
The Mass was out of use for more than 40 years, after the Church decided at the Second Vatican Council to celebrate the Mass in the vernacular.
Unfortunately, my boyfriend takes me for granted, it hurts but I always forgive him for his indiscretions.
What they hope to learn in the Netherlands.
said the finance minister, Matia Kasaija.
The runners up weregiven shopping vouchers from Uchumi.
Trending: Caught in the act!
Ugandan franchises, Rwenzori and Victoria were left battered and bruised after the opening weekend of the Bamburi Rugby Super Series tournament on Saturday.
Members of the East African Legislative Assembly today walked out of Parliament in protest, forcing Rt.
I have been with my girlfriend for three years now.
Breaking: Former Uganda Investment Authority boss Dr. Maggie Kigozi has been admitted to Nakasero Hospital after thugs broke into her house last night and stabbed her multiple times.
I have been seeing this guy for about 2 months- we have spent almost every weekend together dinner dates, lunch dates the works!
Religious leaders speak out on the aftermath of Arua polls violence.
The candidates include the leader of opposition in Parliament Nathan Nandala Mafabi, Tororo county MP Geoffrey Ekanya and Maj.
In our weekly Education pull out, MWALIMU: Find out how parents connive with teachers to ruin pupils.
Wats going on Ugandans?
“They really love sports,” said the school’s sports coach Ivan Mugaya.
Ghana Electoral Commission announces opposition candidate Nana Akufo-Addo as the winner of the polls, he had 53.
I didn't expect it to come so now.
Watch below 👇🏽 a sneak peek of some of the stories in today's New Vision (December 7, 2021).
Kampala city is home to very many eligible bachelors, with you in the middle.
uganda is still developing with few traffic,but poor infrastructors can be the cause.
Up to 4,300 residents of villages in North Sumatra, Indonesia, have been evacuated due to eruptions from Mount Sinaburg, Getty Images reports.
Rastoon: Plans are underway to amend the 1964 Sports Act.
Here is a guide to how the two sides will measure up.
The two-year-old black Labrador named 'Eclipse' gets on and off the bus by herself and later meets up with her owner at the park, who said: "She's been urbanised.
When you and your man are having a serious relationship talk, it's easy to get so caught up in how you want to respond that you're not really listening to what's being said.
Give peace a chance in south sudan.
Russians call commander to negotiate.
Environmentalists have accused Government of frustrating efforts by National Environment Management Authority (NEMA) to ban the use of Kaveera (polythene bags).
With God all is possible.
Find out the three things the President says must be done before the district is split-#EPAPER.
We believe that leaders are chosen and elected by God,so since the two parties are in leadership,let the Almighty God/Allah intevene.
The General Court Martial has dismissed a bail application by Pte.
See more Life style stories at-.
Picture taken in 1995.
Why leave the presidential palace to be invaded by anti govnt forces ?
When shall we learn our things amicably as Muslims ?
Let it be known that you are seeking a promotion or the next step up in your career.
Set up specific times for waking up, eating, playing, doing homework, doing chores, watching TV or playing video games and going to bed.
The NRM leadership has summoned NRM Parliamentary caucus for a special meeting to discuss the resolution tomorrow, at 10 am.
Did you know members of district service commissions hire the most corrupt applicants & also steal money from other applicants?
If a player is, for instance, not tall enough to head, he should be open with his teammates and reveal his weakness so that someone else covers him".
This common occurrence appears as tiredness, lack of focus, poor productivity, and low energy.
According the Public Service standing order, the Prime Minister is supposed to have a vehicle with an engine capacity of 3,500cc, ministers, ministers of state and permanent secretaries are supposed to drive 2,800cc vehicles, while directors and senior consultants are supposed to have executive mid-range station wagons of 2,500cc.
This festive season, many people will be tempted to spend beyond their means.
The New Vision is with Nsumba Ahmed and 3 others.
Uganda Electricity Regulatory Authority (ERA) is considering hiking power prices next year in a direction that will ensure the energy sector meets its financial needs to enable reliable supply http://ow.
The expulsion took place after President Amin accused a minority of the Asian population of disloyalty, non-integration, and commercial malpractice.
2019 Twins Festival: The highs and lows of being a twin or their parent.
#Together We Can Fight This Deadly Situation Out Of Ugandan Girls.
Regardless of your training goals, healthy eating is the backbone.
Public varsities advised on funds.
So the hand shake is extended to teachers too?
if you are interested to be a member of the great Illuminati kindly contact the temple lord on whatsapp +1 (347) 580-4518 for more information and how to be initiated.
We have noted the statement of Mr. Fred Mukasa, the father of the late Hon.
On paper they are like that but on ground its diffferent even nt yet finished .
Presiding over the Christmas Prayers at Namirembe Christian Fellowship, Professor Simeon Kayiwa asked Christians to stop the habit of criticizing/backbiting fellow Christians.
You end up joining hook up Date link.
The New Vision is with Espy Oyi James.
On a typical Sunday, when the church is full to the brim, Ben Baguma steps up to the pulpit to implore people to abandon their sinful ways.
New vision is that news?
Mbu he wants to show dat he is working,😂😂,.
if momz to our children change everything we'l be ok.
Typing notes enables you to jot down more material, but you're more likely to remember those notes if you hand write them, according to research from Indiana University.
Some things are not news.
If she hasn't made any formal statement who are you creating your own Wolokoso !
Today, he is worth billions.
I be wondering if they have photocopies.
It is a must-attend event for retailers and distributors who want to improve their business by differentiating their product offering and concepts.
Jacob Araptany,20 finishes 7th in his steeplechase heat.
Have we neglected our children?
Victoria Sekitoleko: I am really happy to be here and part of this new innovation.
He commended outstanding players like Geoffrey Massa, Denis Onyango, Tonny Mawejje and Savio Kabugo.
stop with the foolishness.
"Success is no accident.
Maybe not in Uganda.
#Saveriverrwizi: Are leaders doing enough to save Rwizi?
•The Archbishop of Mbarara, Paul Kamuza Bakyenga, was critical of investigations into cases of disappearance and murder, saying reports never see the light of day.
The New Vision is with Moses T. Mugalula.
These are forces beyond anybody’s control.
President INSTRUCTS BOU TO SUPPORT LWENGO MICROFINANCE.
The Uganda National Bureau of Standards has been ordered to pay sh260m to its former boss, Dr. Terry Kahuma.
Do not ask God to guide your footsteps if you're not willing to move your feet.
The Bakonzo king, Charles Wesley Mumbere, returned to Uganda.
Us president George W. Bush asked President Yoweri Museveni to take the lead in ending the wars in the Great Lakes region like he had demonstrated in the fight against HIV/AIDS.
For more information kindly follow this link .
How come it kills vips not boda boda users?
For school reopening, it's okay they can reopen 2025 or leave it if they want, I have never seen such an incompetent Ministry.
6 percent for Sanders, allowing her to breathe "a big sigh of relief" in the Midwest heartland that ditched her for Barack Obama eight years ago.
We have the full list in the New Vision.
The Rastoon in today's paper.
However, breastfeeding mothers should also be cautious of the medication they take as some could harm both the baby and mother.
A World Health Organisation study has shown that children as young as 13 years drink alcohol.
Uganda’S pursuit of a 14th Cecafa title starts off on a losing note against defending champions Kenya.
Are Ugandans getting poorer?
Big Homie, which was released last month, also features performances from Rick Ross and French Montana, who were shown in the clip as well.
The Capital Markets Authority (CMA) has asked unit trust fund managers to develop long term pensionable products to supplement the Government’s offering through the National Social Security Fund (NSSF).
<P>Can we afford a further delay of the education and sporting industry’s reopening?
Prince Ali, 40, is unhappy with voting arrangements and has appealed to the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas).
They will meet their other costs, such as accommodation and air tickets.
Thanx for good news.
Was Nakafeero’s kidnap fake?
Surely you ought to grab yourself a copy!
Download the Newvision Digital Experience platform now to reimagine the news.
Updf deployed for mapping forest reserves; Find this story in your copy of the New Vision.
Ground controllers say it is time to give up hope of ever hearing again from the comet lander Philae.
"Work hard for what you want because it won't come to you without a fight.
"The UPDF will not fold their hands and look on as some wrong elements with foreign backing plan to break Uganda".
Legislators on the defense and internal affairs committee of parliament have queried the rationale of keeping thousands of officers due for retirement in the army warning of the dangers “a disgruntled group of soldiers in the military poses to national security”.
The election was the calmest in half a century of conflict in Colombia, with the former rebel movement FARC spurning jungle warfare for politics, and the ELN --.
You will receive a cash pay out to help your family manage expenses should you be unfortunately diagnosed with #Covid19.
It is not BOU managers are aware of the presence of the Ugandan laws, but the deliberately apply the foreign laws to steal.
The Internal Affairs Spokesperson Jacob Shems Siminyu on Friday noted that the suspect went missing from immigration on Tuesday.
Creativity does not just mean that kids can draw, act or play music.
Ho error ever is about prayers and mathematics no automatic win to qualify.
#2021Recap: The then Tanzanian vice-president Samia Suluhu announced that President John Pombe Magufuli had died of heart disease.
The Ministry of Health has confirmed 1,272 new COVID-19 cases in Uganda.
Darius Wasswa Nuwagira and Kato Dewinton Nuwagira pose with speaker Rebecca Kadaga.
I believe if you keep your faith, you keep your trust, you keep the right attitude, if you're grateful, you'll see God open up new doors.
A sniper takes aim.
The man who had an affair with the woman should have also been handed the 45 year sentence.
Cranes: Muwonge, Guma, Walusimbi, Isinde, Kalungi, Wasswa, Oloya, Kizito, Ochaya, Sentongo, Okwi.
I'm confused(in john blaqs voice).
Haaaa, I thought you are supposed to b in Luzira?
Sources privy to the Entebbe State House meeting that started at around 8pm said on Saturday that Museveni gave a review of the just concluded elections and how the National Resistance Movement (NRM) performed.
You know it iz quart & obsert for along dower to be talked on let him reveal the habbits of you!
#2021Recap: City lawyer Kasango's relatives stormed the A-Plus funeral van as the pallbearers tried to put the casket inside the van after service and loaded it on a waiting pickup.
Earlier this year the Playboy Mansion was listed for $200 million.
The Luzira Maximum Security Prison houses an estimated 20,000 inmates, including about 500 on death row.
It's high time the church looks into this pertinent issue and see dynamics other than letting people kill themselves in the name of til death do us part.
Get the details in the New Vision #EPAPER- https://vpg.
“This is out of gratitude for the help we have received from the NRM since we started business seven years ago, and the peace it has provided since coming into power in 1986,” said Christopher Saazi, the managing director.
Uganda could stop mediating in the conflict between the DRC and M23 rebels if the U.N. Security Council endorsed accusations that Uganda was supporting the rebels.
This means two boats at $1m wow, am sure the boats in question are not the ones in the pic!
The New Vision added 16 new photos.
Minister of Finance Matia Kasaija appearing before COSASE on allegations of fraud.
If, however, you are careful not to push a child beyond the limit of his courage, he is almost sure to get braver.
Briefing journalists at the Bulange, Walusimbi said: �Fortunately, gallant rescue efforts prevented total damage to the tombs in the inner sanctum (ekibira).
Champions Leicester city are trailing currently at position 12 on the Premier league table with only seven points,while Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has said there is still room for improvement if his team are to mount a serious Premier League title challenge this season.
Michael Odongo, the police spokesperson East Kyoga identified the deceased as Moses Golola, Ismael and Musa Nyenda residents of Mbale district while the other unidentified.
Details in Sunday Vision-https://vpg.
To be seen as a leader, you must know how to manage changing environments.
France coach Philippe Saint-Andre caused his own upset by dropping midfield powerhouse Mathieu Bastareaud for the game at Cardiff's Millennium Stadium.
Start your journey today.
At least 26 people have been killed, properties destroyed, roads cut off and 1000s displaced due to heavy rains.
Nabilah Naggayi Sempala has been confirmed and unveiled by NUP as the party's flag-bearer for the Kampala Lord Mayor contest.
I do not want to leave my sister’s house without her blessing, yet I feel she is being selfish for not allowing me to go live my life.
The Kabaka birthday run has been in existence for 7 years now.
The rest are stories.
He could not bring himself to making the announcement.
Lemme wait for another version of new vision papers seems to more reliable than this one.
This how Ugandans usher in #BlackFriday.
The neighbours agreed this month to resume cross-border oil flows and defuse tensions.
I am 23 and I have been with my boyfriend for nearly four years now.
Forty-Year-Old Idi Gyesibye and Bernard Mwanje who live in Ngole village, Buyende district, narrate how mischief unfolded and turned their homes into tourist destinations, amid the challenges of bringing up albino children, moreover in a rural setting.
I didn't know him that much but because many have said he was hardworking and due to the fact that am a human being, I would like to extend my heartfelt condolences to the grieved family and I pray God will grant him an eternal rest according to His will.
The bishop disclosed that Hoima Diocese has partnered with the Uganda Coffee Development Authority to promote commercial coffee growing.
The Uganda People’s Congress (UPC) for a national conference to be convened to resolve on a roadmap for a new Uganda agreeable to all the stakeholders.
Prosecution lawyers in Burundi have appealed the verdicts in the trial of leaders of a failed coup, demanding all should face life sentences including seven who were acquitted.
Ireland'S prime minister said on Friday he is open to meeting Donald Trump, who is due to visit Ireland this month, but he would use the opportunity to tell the presumptive Republican U.S. presidential nominee that his views are racist.
The drug known as Hydroxyuria has been widely used in the US and Europe to manage acute pain and reduce the need for blood transfusion in children with sickle cell disease.
Only in the New Vision.
The world’s oldest person Misao Okawa, a mother of three, grandmother of four and great-grandmother of six, turned 117 on Thursday in western Japan.
As Ugandan we where suppose to celebrate the time of our first President who over stayed in power and brought a lot of changes in Uganda unfortunately the sign is showing that thing are not ok , according to the result of rukungiri election which has been declared FDC candidate has worn the election.
The New Vision is with Katende Jooga Livingstone.
More wastage of resources.
George Muchai, the parliamentary member for Kabete, was killed in Nairobi's Central Business District in the early hours of Saturday morning as his family, who were travelling in a separate car, watched the attack.
This was after a fatal accident that occurred at Nyamitanga road on their way to Isingiro as a motor vehicle, number UG 0672B lost control and over turned as it was trying to avoid knocking a pedal cyclist.
World stock markets advanced Thursday on fading fears over both the Omicron coronavirus variant and elevated inflationary pressures.
Museveni in China: Which plea is Uganda presenting on the Chinese table?
I think it's a poor policy to have such a critical sector entirely run by private individuals.
Commissioner General of the Uganda Revenue Authority Doris Akol on a familiarization tour of Vision group headquarters, Industrial area.
Like my fanpage to receive a FREE ticket to the UK Convention.
She took the stage performing 'Bitter Sweet' by Fantasia.
Delivering the State-of-the Nation Address at Parliament , Museveni said corruption had affected investors’ confidence in the country:http://bit.
Spots of bother for women .
Burundi'S new president, Evariste Ndayishimiye, took the oath of office at a colourful ceremony in the capital on Thursday, assuming the helm of a troubled nation after the sudden death of his predecessor.
How many have been abducted tortured and killed in Uganda since January 14th 2021 that is important to know than talking of the Syrian war or that is what you are planning in Uganda.
Pre-orders started on Friday.
so if someone is to do it with his wife.
The do as they are told.
The founder of Facebook, Mark Zuckerberg, has announced a donation of $ 25 million dollars to help combat Ebola.
Find out what measures the MPs want to take to resolve the conflict.
According to CBS Los Angeles, responding officers shot and captured a man with a high-powered rifle.
They have had limited time to plan for how to handle the heavy load that the assistants.
Follow the action from the 2021 Motocross MAU Challenge 1 taking place at the Uganda Motorsport Arena in Busiika here 👉🏽 bit.
The Katikkiro of Buganda, JB Walusimbi has summoned the Lukiiko for an emergency meeting over the fire that gutted Kasubi royal tombs last night.
The New Vision is with Mugisha Morgan Fred.
The Police leadership has resolved to institute criminal investigations against 21 top Police officers accused of using fake academic documents to join the force.
, ishi I can put your names here.
She was paid in equal measure, he would have spared the innocent twins .
David Nsubuga Kikaawa, 38, was arraigned before the Thames Magistrates’ Court in London accused of killing Linah Keza while she was at home with her daughter.
The New Vision is with Musa Moses and Kagwa Martin.
According to a statement from the Judiciary communications unit dated June 5, 2020, the Acting Chief Registrar Tom Chemutai effected the changes as part of improved court service delivery.
Al Shabab militants reportedly saying they attacked Garissa University College because of the high number of christian students.
What security tips do you have for the ladies this festive season?
The New Vision is with Ivan Leve Holy.
Evry man who has alady shud b awre she is nt thre bcoz u bt wht u hv.
How we manage to get information across our various platforms every single day without fail?
The New Vision is with Alex Diu and 3 others.
Bring the kids and enjoy lots of entertainment, games, face painting, competitions, freebies and so much more!
Cake Angel Ltd: For all high quality Cake Deco, Flavors and supplies, WE GOT YOU!
What would you do with your time if money wasn’t a factor?
She has 23, he has 21.
#Inthenewvision: Students of Comboni College in Lira district have burnt down the administration block in a violent strike.
Before we creat ministries anyhowly, can we examine what other ministers have done ?
Oada bodas not inclusive.
Opposition spits fire over MP Bobi Wine confinement.
be cause is gd.
He Launch event has been graced by KCCAUG's Ed Musisi.
We dont have proper politicians in uganda except worshipers of mr.
The leaders of #Kenya, #Ethiopia, #SouthSudan, #Somalia and #Uganda in New York.
As the world is renewed fresh and clean, so I ask you to renew my heart with your strength and purpose.
Spend Christmas among the Urban Haute Bourgeoisie, or U.H.B., in Whit Stillman's debut film and preppie classic, Metropolitan.
Just a wasted talent and potential.
This Festive season, you should care about your tyres.
The compensation, which was in regard to the purchase of city markets is now a subject of a police probe.
Ogwalo, a gate keeper at Learning World Centre in Kasanga, said his wife and other occupants of the taxi were put at gunpoint after the taxi had travelled a few metres from her stage.
When yo making money and doing casual labour- sibyangu 😂😂.
The men were amazed and asked, "What kind of man is this?
If you feel like your job search is going nowhere,amp up the networking!
The Democratic Alliance TDA set to collapse as FDC seeks to fail joint candidature.
Do we believe in every information news papers give for to console your day.
8 more Ugandans have tested POSITIVE for #COVID19.
Do you think this land commission will solve such issues in the country?
As campaigns for the Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) party presidency continue to gain momentum, Maj.
3% vs 10%, there's a big gap.
"We are always ready to receive advice, guidance and suggestions, but never injunctions," Kabila said in a speech to both houses of parliament in Kinshasa.
It is a big responsibility to hold big gatherings, contagion, no?
High court judge Steven Musota, has quashed a decision of the Uganda Law Society to suspend the AG, Peter Nyombi, saying that it has no legal authority to suspend any member from the association.
Melissa Bachman presents a series called Winchester Deadly Passion about hunting.
Well, I have got news for you; You are dead wrong!
The disagreement arose in clause that gives the Police sweeping powers.
Fresh of breath air for 2015.
Team za england ni kuinewa,bt sawa wwl do we want.
From our cover personality Hon.
Rooney Is Tired So He Shd Rest.
Abil Nino Health Centre III in Lira Kato Sub County in Agago district has been issued with a court order to vacate the land on which the facility sits or face demolition and forceful eviction.
Kristiana Kayanja has something for every classy mother in this town.
If this is what will make the broken system that is meant for salaries' payment work,let them be.
Former Uganda first lady Sarah Amin passed away in a London hospital.
David Sejusa has been arrested along Jinja Road and taken into police custody at Jinja Road Police Station.
The opposition Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) has called for an urgent dialogue to find solutions to some of the issues affecting the country after last month’s general election.
Mutebi Ronald , we may be following a wrong direction .
She will be the first British prime minister to set foot in Kenya since Margaret Thatcher in 1988.
The summit is being held under the theme; EAC: Advancing market-driven integration.
𝗥𝗼𝗯𝗲𝗿𝘁 𝗟𝗲𝘄𝗮𝗻𝗱𝗼𝘄𝘀𝗸𝗶: Poland's most-capped player and all-time leading goalscorer netted 41 times in the Bundesliga for Bayern Munich this season and was named Best FIFA Men's Player in 2020.
"Mr. Soares is in a very critical situation, in a deep coma, and the prognosis remains uncertain," spokesman Jose Barata told journalists.
No need there, he had plenty of cover.
The New Vision is with Amooti Nyakahuma James.
These ethnic setups initially operated autonomously until the British brought them together at the start of the 20th Century for efficient administrative purposes.
PHOTO courtesy of PPU.
Spare a thought for what.
Am just wondering whether the dollar rate will ever go back 3600!
#Ukraine troops take over pro-#Russian checkpoint near #Sloviansk.
One can only imagine what questions were going through his head.
Pity them who demised upon his word.
Plz - don't talk of Shrimps 🍤 here, it sucks!
Last year, he asked me to repeat A-Level and around 2nd term, things didn’t turn out well as I scored only 5points in Physics, Economics and Mathematics.
The family group named Children talent is led by Sulaiman Busulwa a primary six pupil of Nsambya full gospel school.
It is barely a week since Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) demolished all kiosks (small shops) within and outside the Old Taxi Park to pave way for renovations into a modern storied taxi terminal in Uganda.
“The perpetrators were given Police bond as the victim remained in Mulago without any support from the government.
President Yoweri Museveni commissioned 49 hi-tech firefighting equipment to avert the massive loss of life and property suffered in the past years across the country.
Today’S forex rates as provided by @BOU_Official.
Barely three years out of medical school, Dr. Hannington Byarugaba sold his first car bought from saving his allowances at school and topped up with some little savings to open a small clinic in Wandegeya in 2007.
He said that as Uganda prepares to celebrate the Uganda Martyrs 50 years anniversary since their canonization by Pope Paul VI, all Christians should strive to emulate them by avoiding Western cultures that intend to divert them from adopting African values.
What is your prediction?
Pfizer announced Tuesday it was seeking US authorization for Covid booster shots among adolescents aged 16 and 17, as concerns grow about the impact of the new Omicron variant.
Matia Kasaija: I have allocated Shs 6 billion for construction of three (3) tea factories in Kisoro, Kabale and Zombo.
Sudanese opposition groups and activists on Sunday pressed on with plans to hold a "sit-at-home" strike against fuel subsidy cuts, despite a warning from President Omar al-Bashir that anti-regime protests would be crushed.
Two young Ugandan women Saudah Birungi and Catherine Nalukwago have made it to the shortlist for the 2019 Anzisha Prize, which recognizes Africa’s youngest entrepreneurs with inspiring business ideas.
- See more .
For what if u can't even "insure" the next meal?
The body's internal rhythms entrain to the external rhythms of music, like when you go to the sea and you start breathing slower and your heart rate slows down and starts moving closer to the rhythm and pace of the ocean.
I know if I am feeling this way I need to have 'the talk' with him but it's so hard to gauge how he's feeling or find the right time.
The PAMs also brought the red carpet experience home to Ugandans, and photographs over the years show the evolution of the dress code.
Mubende Hospital administration has set up an Ebola isolation center following reports that Ebola patients from Kagadi district were flocking the health unit for treatment.
The Uganda national junior golf team made history when they finished second overall in the All-Africa Junior Golf Challenge to qualify for the 2019 Toyota Junior World Cup in Japan.
Get the e-paper via bit.
It'S the 2nd Day of the #26ICPAUAnnualSeminar happening at Imperial Resort Beach Hotel.
President Yoweri Museveni has left for Cape Town, South Africa in the company of the first lady, Janet Kataaha Museveni, where they will join other leaders for the 28th World Economic Forum on Africa.
What'S more to do than to console themselves that they actualy have reason to keep on living.
KCCA FC ejected Sadolin Paints FC in the round of 32 with a single goal –thanks to teenage striker Derrick Nsibambi at Bugembe Stadium.
Adapted from the Daily Guardian.
Confirming the surge, the District Health Officer, Dr Yusuf Baseka, said the cases have occurred since Christmas Day.
He is is expected to star at the 2021 Men's African Nations Volleyball Championship in Kigali.
7:Better to use that money to rejuvinate our collapsed agricultural industries ie coffee Marketing Board or better still the defunct UTCU.
The bus fell off a cliff around Kiregessa.
In HOMES AND CONSTRUCTION: Take a walk in closets by grabbing your copy of the Saturday Vision.
The special court is being established in accordance with Article 232(1)(e) of the 1995 constitution as amended, ethics and integrity state minister , Fr.
Below; Statement from Kenya police on the Garissa attack.
I have been treated so badly in the past and he's the first guy in a long time that makes me feel comfortable/special.
Uganda-Rwanda conflict is baffling, says Gen.
Morales said the first nightfall was one of the hardest moments.
Kaguta Museveni: I had not involved myself in fighting crimes and these killings until the killing of Kaweesi and Major Kigundu.
The Criminal Investigations Directorate (CID) has interrogated the deputy director of Internal Security Organisation (ISO), Taban Amin, over alleged involvement in a multi-billion fraudulent gold deal.
National Environmental Management Authority (NEMA) has admitted that it does not have capacity to evict wetland encroachers.
Juba - Cholera in war-torn South Sudan has spread to another state, with at least 39 dead since an outbreak was declared last month, the World Heath Organization (WHO) said Tuesday.
Shearerbo gift percy persie dude u dnt knw wat ur tokin abt.
Valencia are believed to want to generate £32m from his sale for themselves, and are therefore holding out for approximately £42m.
An Indonesian military plane has crashed in a residential area in the capital of North Sumatra killing 30 people, according to a search and rescue official.
Join us as we celebrate five years of this glorious testimony of revival, transformation and revolution.
The New Vision is with Mpanga Paul.
Grab yourself a copy.
Former Egyptian president Mohamed Morsi has died in a Cairo hospital after fainting during a session in court, judicial and security sources said.
The New Vision is with George Ssail and 2 others.
Are you going for clean sheets or what.
He said it was right for some phone users to take such companies to court.
🇨🇳 When Chen Shaohua disappeared a second time, his family realized he was deeply unwell.
The New Vision is with Napoleon Amon Bornaparte and Ssemanda Abdul Wahaab.
However I also did not talk because it is not good to report something I did not say," he added.
He owns and co-owns a dozen other companies around the world including the lucrative Mayfair Casino in Kampala.
Updates on what is happening throughout the country from various polling stations.
Is it a state of emergency?
Sources in security noted that Nicholas Opiyo was arrested after large sums of money were recovered in his account by the FIA.
Zain, MTN and Uganda Telecom have announced a reduction in call rates as the tariff war took a new front in one of Africa’s fiercest telecom markets:.
It's going terribly until they tell you they got a new job.
Mind during a disagreement and get your points across, alternate playing reflective therapist, where one listens while the other talks.
At least nine people have been killed and dozens wounded after black-clad masked gunmen attacked an upmarket shopping mall in the Kenyan capital, according to witnesses.
USA could also go through on goals scored if they are in a high scoring match.
India'S poorest state, Bihar, began voting Monday in a high-stakes election that premier Narendra Modi hopes will give his party the presence in parliament it needs to push through a faltering reform drive.
Previously Ankara acknowledged conducting airstrikes on alleged PKK targets in Iraq.
The clients will be able to mingle with their favorite presenters and also get to win fabulous prizes.
For the social media blockage; that's affecting only those with weak phones and devices, but to us who aren't inept we're enjoying the privileges!
Kiprotich wins marathon gold.
# term limits and age limit debate begins!
Bank of Uganda has cut its key lending rate for the fifth straight month today to 13.
Sunday Oliseh's eigh-month spell as the coach of Nigeria's Super Eagles was characterised by controversies off the pitch and lack of success on the pitch.
Gd nu year advice .
Entebbe Airbase boss arrested over subversion-https://vpg.
Why do banks lower them?
United we can, Jama fest way 2 go.
All M7 supporters are war lovers.
Read full article in Today's paper-https://vpg.
The shortage of public health nurses has led to the increasing burden of diseases and high maternal mortality rate in the country.
God gave us 24hrs in a day, while after 9 - 5pm work most people go drinking, others use it more productively!
Why not specify bcoz i may pick interest in one.
Norman Katende captured some of the events from Akii Bua's gold medal, the barefooted Sarah Nakwel, who beat former World and Commonwealth steeplechase champion Dorcus Inzikuru and other scenes.
"I'M very sad, very sad, feeling like the country will be left a bit orphaned," said one supporter, 56-year-old retiree Cecilia Monteiro.
May all innocent souls rest in peace.
Read how Kabalega defeated the colonialists on the New Vision app.
Will it Grant me a share of the gold Museveni is going to smuggle from DRC?
Wajjala thanked journalists for executing a commendable job in creating awareness & informing the public about COVID-19.
And you are busy asking donors to give u money for people affected by floods Shame!
Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do.
Following the crisis that broke out in Burundi last April, the number of people who have fled the country to the neighbouring states has surpassed the 250,000 mark according to United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR).
As thousands graduate at Makerere, the university has announced plans to start turning plastic waste into diesel.
The job ad on the British Monarchy website says the applicant must have experience with Very Very Important People (VVIPs) and offers a salary of between £55,500 and £78,500.
I hope he finds a better word to express his displeasure to the criminal gangs.
I don't know that what a surprise !
Well done HFB n Ms Soon on a project well executed!
Mp Stanley Omwonya representing Okoro County in Zombo district has passed away.
He was arrested from Tanzania and extradited to Uganda.
This was the starting lineup.
The New Vision added 4 new photos — at Makerere University.
Three policemen have been killed and 2 others seriously injured in a tragic road accident this morning along Entebbe-Kampala Highway.
The New Vision is with Patrick Felix and 2 others.
The German auto giant said on September 22 that as many as 11 million diesel cars worldwide were equipped with devices which could skew emissions data to cheat tests.
Have you grabbed yourself a copy yet?
The hosts are in charge!
Like a good Samaritan, Bosco Owejo - managed to rescue musician Iryn Namubiru, but unfortunately could not rescue himself.
In HER VISION: FINANCIAL LITERACY.
My,,,,,,,,, this is what they call mass party,, its worthy fighting for, what can one fight for in TDA, FDC and this other things I hear prssure cooker, or group or blood God knows, oooh ok fight till you get it all.
Sudan'S military rulers and protest leaders on Saturday are scheduled to sign a landmark deal reached after a bloody uprising which is meant to pave the way for civilian rule.
Amazingly, Lottie wins a scholarship to the ivy-covered “Hogwarts meets Hollywood” boarding school.
Details in The Beat Pull out in today's New Vision.
"We wanted to go in very quickly and start identifying everything", even pieces of clothing.
#Visionupdates #Uganda #UgandaToday #Ethiopia #EthiopianAirlinesCrash.
And love the children.
Abel Sserwanja of Namirembe Diocese has said.
Details in today's New Vision.
Badru Kiggundu steps into the dock to be questioned by Mbabazi's lawyers.
A Senior Two student in Kampala who was kidnapped by unknown people while on his way to school on mid-last week has been found alive by police.
let the government start giving out enough security to such people.
Cab driver gets sh2.
Winner of heat 1 clocked 13:25.
Religious leaders have condemned rampant corruption, land grabbing, greed and immorality, saying the people of God have allowed the enemy to infiltrate them.
New vision Xs, bt u need 2 b updated.
Kibirango, a lawyer by profession, through Bwambale, Musede & Company Advocates, had sought to stop Nantaba from searing in as State Minister, pending the hearing and final determination of his constitutional petition seeking to nullify her approval.
We dont need to preach on streets evry one knows how to pray to God , en we all have our religious denominations.
Idont blame any one apart from the aging incompitent and corupt creature called .
Here is Shravan Reddy, a man who could have earned so well from his engineering job but did not get distracted by it; a man who even when there was no substantial prospects for Cocoa production, decided to invest in Uganda.
To WIN, simply buy a raffle ticket at the Bride & Groom Expo 2017 and enter the draw to WIN a wedding worth UGX 80 Million.
On wild rumors that Brig.
In recent months, Toyota has recalled nearly 10 million vehicles outfitted with defective air bags that have been linked to several deaths globally.
Adama Barrow comfortably won a second term in The Gambia's presidential election, with thousands of his supporters celebrating in the streets of Banjul, although his opponents disputed the results announced late Sunday.
It was all bliss and festivities as Christians flocked Our Lady and St Jude Parish, Naggulu to celebrate the birth of Jesus Christ.
The tycoon who is embroiled in a family row over properties said he has always doubted the paternity of one of his sons.
Get the details in the New Vision- https://vpg.
Grease 24 mini-muffin cups.
u will not believe it.
The retired Bishop ministered in countries like DRC Congo, Tanzania, Kenya, and Burundi before he retired in 2008 to actively focus on his political career.
By reaching the final, Uganda qualified for next year's World Cup qualifiers.
In GOAL: UCL FINAL.
Efforts by judge Siima directing him to face them fell on dead ears, cause the guy continued singing without facing the judges!
My friend Jesus didn't forgive every body or even every thing.
How many Speakers of the Parliament of Uganda can you name apart from Speaker Rebecca Kadaga and Vice-President Edward Ssekandi?
Allan Bwambale from Masambu in the Democratic Republic of Congo had gone with his mother to attend the burial of his grandfather in Beni.
Let him be example to others.
While I did not confront him about the pictures, I decided to quit the relationship.
Can you tell what it is?
Lebanese property tycoon Elie Taktouk (L) was forced to sell the property to raise a £1.
I thought its ladies who corn men,things changed.
This is the show that will teach you about the importance of saving.
Whether he can supply or not, a man loves to be depended on for provision.
Nandera said she took advantage of the internet.
"So far, 62 deaths have been confirmed.
Ekolu’s joy of having healthy and ‘normal’children was short-lived after Atim suffered a dislocation, one year after her birth.
Trailer along Gulu Road.
Fdc has warned Mugisha Muntu not to poach members from opposition.
The last time i checked teachers wea involved in different businesses n they say they aint turning back.
God called her to serve him in heaven.
Yes IT CAN BE.
Arsenal V CHELSEA, Saturday at 7.
The loop largely covers Kololo, Old Port Bell Road, Bugolobi, Industrial Area and the City Centre.
Africa is always a training ground.
#Mzee of Uganda, a Pan-Africanist.
He has introduced me to his parents and all his relatives.
“Apart from the incidents the match was peaceful,” Ssenkumbi said adding that the suspect would be screened before being arraigned in court.
The relocation of the barracks, located about 3kms on the Tororo-Mbale highway, is expected to take about four months.
After the picture appeared on Snoop’s Instagram account — with the caption “Me n my deputy dogg” — a supervisor drove 80 miles round-trip to deliver the counseling order, which is dated March 24 and was first reported by The Dallas Morning News.
Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself”.
ATMs, banks and a casino also lost funds.
🙏 🏉 🕊️ 🕯️ Rest in Peace!
So victory embraced Amuriat and defied Muntu.
Has DP any member in Kagadi?
Also, float the sofa from the wall to kill space”.
In SUNDAY VISION THIS WEEK!
The New Vision is with Aruho Isaac.
Reports say that Michael Carrick has taken charge as interim caretaker at Manchester United.
We wish her more success in all her endeavors.
But he told #Swiss newspaper Blick: "I'm a candidate again.
Lebron James' Los Angeles Lakers and the Los Angeles Clippers have voted to abandon the NBA season in protest at the latest US police shooting of a black man, multiple reports said Wednesday.
We ARE PHANEROO, WE MANIFEST.
Golden boy Kiprotich delighted.
Scientists Thursday warned the world faced mass global coral bleaching next year driven by the warming effects of the El Nino weather phenomenon, and it could be the worst on record.
Game on from 6pm.
How will Bobi Wine's withdrawal of the presidential election petition affect Uganda's judiciary?
China Sets Quotas for Reported Coronavirus Cases, Which Have “Vanished” As Planned.
Indeed South Sudan are blue black people.
The squad was part of a team of over 80 boxers that underwent a non-residential training camp for the last two months at Lugogo.
20am; Triple Jump women qualification 10.
Supa 3, LUCKY 3 AND NOW SUPA 5.
7 m (22 ft) long and has a wingspan of 9.
Julius Yego wins gold in the javelin - the first Kenyan to win a world title in a field event.
Yes she needs another chance leave her to have a happy life many presidents have done alot of harm than good ,but thy were not judged we are all humans politics is aa dirty game she cant take back wht she did during her look let bigons be bigons gone is gone set her free .
Each contestant will post only one prediction.
The Rugby Cranes players were reportedly incensed over their outstanding arrears from the Uganda Rugby Union (URU).
I'M coming to cast my fishing net.
Abdu Ssentamu was raised by a woman.
Robert Kabushenga launches the Uganda Cranes Initiative (UCI) together with six fans to seek support for the national soccer team.
Blackberry has resumed a phased rollout of its BBM messaging app for Android and Apple devices after September's botched launch.
The function was attended by pupils from primary and secondary schools.
I can see that ur working hard to kill off our local seeds.
#Prayer 2 Kings 14:19 Now they made a conspiracy against him in Jerusalem: and he fled to Lachish; but they sent after him to Lachish, and slew him there.
Musaala commission set up.
Let us know either via facebook, or by emailing olympics.
The Muslim brotherhood called for a boycott.
In a press statement, the party spokesperson Michael Osinde said the current civic and voter education is fragmented, uncoordinated and done in piece meal interventions.
The New Vision is with Victor Chekoi and 3 others.
Seems it's over now luckily.
At least one of these sides will definitely be out of the World Cup come the final whistle of this match - and both will go if the USA and Germany draw.
In the name of transgressed Electoral democracy.
"Many rural schools may not be able to reopen as a result of shortage of basic infrastructure and resources,” Rikin Shah from smArt Of Giving (AOG), a charity organisation, said.
More NRM aspiring candidates pick nomination forms.
The New Vision is with Ayub Omar and Hidigey Ina Ore Shafath.
Read MATCH REPORT: bit.
Just IN: Supporters of Erias Lukwago have thronged the streets of Kampala celebrating an apparent victory for their candidate.
The New Vision is with Joseph M Buwule and 2 others.
The concert comes days after a historic visit by US President Barack Obama.
As early as Primary Three, he had to start working to support his mother, eventually dropping out of school for lack of fees.
Cranes starting XI: Denis Onyango, Mwesigwa, Simeon Masaba, Walusimbi, Kalungi, Hassan Wasswa, Moses Oloya, Kizito Baba, Okwi, Mawejje, Mike Sserumaga.
The New Vision is with Kakama Earnest.
Last week, the organisation of countries known as the BRICS (Brazil Russia India China & South Africa), met in Durban.
Land and property worth billions of the late business mogul Andrew “Zzimwe” Kasagga that had used as collateral to borrow money are up for sale with an ultimatum of 21 working days for the family to pay up or lose the property.
The Pope is coming!
" Seemingly orderly manager "!
Grab yourself a copy of subscribe to our epaper on http://epaper.
That'S when Africans will realize that this whites only like using them and do not not value them and there African.
Taremwa was employed as a medical intern at the cancer institute, where he allegedly demanded the money from Christopher Nyabongo as an inducement.
The so called democracies vs the so called dictatorial regimes of africa.
The New Vision is with Kakule Peter.
Environmental activists have urged the National Environment Management Authority (NEMA) to close all supermarkets and grocery stores that have not yet complied with the polythene bag ban that was imposed earlier this year.
y he gave you à surprise Ofcourse à decade.
The New Vision is with Prince Musanje Umar and 27 others.
To the departed souls rest in peace!
They can never lack what to eat.
Florian Wirtz has reduced the deficit for Leverkusen with a minute to go.
The New Vision is with Andrew Kamyuka and 4 others.
Donald Trump derided the use of data and technology tools for his presidential campaign -- but those techniques might well have propelled him to victory.
could you be more elaborate?
Pilgrims endure the scotching sun during #MartyrsDay2019 celebrations -.
Over 500 people have been ordered to leave Lutoboka National Forest Reserve without a penny.
What Is the Biggest Hurdle You Face As A Job Seeker?
The New Vision is with Gilbert Junior Buchunju.
She will also visit South Africa and Nigeria.
The New Vision is with Racheal Had and 3 others.
Did they increase or not?
The Director General of Internal Security Organization (ISO), Brig.
He said that despite some progress in Burundi, which includes the release of a number political detainees, human rights violations are continuing.
Read your New Vision today with much convenience and a relaxed mindset by simply downloading the mobile app.
The New Vision added 15 new photos — with Kiwanuka Meddie and 2 others.
He should also be held accountable by compensating the officer he assaulted," says Mitooma Woman MP Jovah Kamateeka.
May you be a point ov contact 4 all da kids with related problems da world over.
President-Elect Donald Trump vowed Monday, a month before he takes office, to wipe "terrorists"off the face of the Earth, after a series of high-profile attacks in Germany, Turkey and Switzerland.
To subscribe log on into; http://epaper.
If he intervenes with Peace in Uganda, should be warned.
"Do not mind anything that anyone tells you about anyone else.
People can lack what to say/talk!
A city lawyer has been charged and remanded to Luzira prison for allegedly obtaining money worth sh300m by false pretense.
How did 2020 treat you?
Thesame thing killed so many bakiga in Kabale.
Herbalists calling themselves doctors maybe cease after the passing of the new law.
Quote OF THE WEEK: “You are all champions.
Waiting for the Kenyans.
A visibly furious Mao slammed Mafabi for allegedly referring to him [Mao] as "a mole" and asked him to always be careful with his statements.
In Addis and traffic is just as tight.
We had not been Communicating until late last year when he asked that I let our daughter visit them regularly.
Joseph Mukiibi, who published widely on tropical crop diseases, died Tuesday.
He even carries with him a make-up kit.
I think this gov should first focus on fri education for all the levels, and medication.
The president of Sri Lanka, Mahinda Rajapaksa, is in Uganda to participate in the Common Wealth Local Government's conference, he arrived today May 11.
Heat olive oil and garlic in a small saucepan over low heat until warmed, 1 to 2 minutes.
Prince William, who is also Duke of Cambridge, handed Obwona the Tusk Wildlife Ranger Award for his dedication as a ranger protecting the wildlife of Murchison Falls.
WAMMA OPPOSITION, meanwhile mind your camp, they'll agree on one person after.
The New Vision added 3 new photos — with Musinguzi Deus and 6 others.
"She was right,of course.
More from Michael Ouma and Joseph Sax.
Land probe: City businessman Humphrey Nzeyi loses claim on Bugolobi access road.
Praises pouring in from the Prisons spokes person.
What should be done to protect the young HIV generation to live positively?
Smokeless tobacco poses the same dangers, as tobacco that is smoked, to a pregnant woman and can lead to still, preterm, and low birth weight baby, a new WHO report on tobacco control has revealed.
Protests have been banned.
It dedicate this to our ugandan leaders who have selfish interests.
Is this what Jesus meant when he said follow his steps closely?
In 2015, a British minister of transport released his first album.
But you never be like him however much you try.
He bulldozed the secretariat into holding interviews in the absence of the chairperson of an important committee.
President Yoweri Museveni has named 28 new judges to fi ll vacant positions in the Supreme Court, Court of Appeal and High Court.
Today is Brownie Day!
Example, you don't try AGAIN to run over a police officer.
Some of the economic benefits from martyrs day celebrations-http://bit.
City Hall Court Magistrate Juliet Hatanga February 20, 2014 ordered Bad Black to pay the fine or serve a jail term of one year after she pleaded guilty to reckless driving and causing bodily injuries to three family members.
Dr. John Garang was a major influence on the movement that led to the birth of South Sudan, and is largely considered the country's founding father.
The missing story though is that the abused and murdered children are most probably survivors of induced abortion.
The traders closed their shops and held placards, reading, "we are not in the US, why pay in dollars", while other placards read "the higher the dollar, the higher our rent" as they walked peacefully along Market Street.
Outgoing Fifa president Sepp Blatter and suspended Uefa boss Michel Platini have had bans from all football-related activities upheld.
So famous,he's made several reports of thuggery thou no action has ever been heard!
They are demanding for 700,000 dollars in ransom.
Your toddler's mission in life is to gain independence.
Mugabe is a man.
No law could stop him, but etiquette.
Afande usijari matunda yako mbere.
See the problem is we think inside the box and not out.
race and medal ceremony.
The New Vision is with Kansiime Owanyina.
Not a time for mourning".
Goodluck AND PROGRESS MR.
While driving,move your seat as far back as you can while still being able to touch your pedals.
Get the full story behind this strange proposal inside today's paper.
New Vision brings you Kaweesi’s seven lessons for youth, grab your copy for details.
Fearing to use a bodaboda without a letter from the LC chairman, Jane Musisi, a resident of Kyengera, said she walked from Kyengera up to Rubaga hospital to receive her second jab.
Police were locked in running battles with Kyambogo University students following riots that broke out after the guild speaker, Allan Akena, was allegedly abducted for spearheading an impeachment plot against the President, Buni Christopher.
Since the oil started flowing government employees have not been paid.
Did they all drop-out, die or could it be evidence of the alleged existence of ghost pupils in UPE?
Get details via epaper.
The proposed international neutral force to pacify the Eastern Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) will be deployed within three months, regional leaders meeting in Kampala have resolved.
⚽️ Former Manchester United midfielder Marouane Fellaini is the first #covid_19 case in the Chinese Super League 👉🏽.
However, the bill has thrown a cat among dogs, especially the civil society and AIDS activists who have rejected some of the proposed sections, saying they undermine many critical issues.
The flashy governor of Nairobi Mike Sonko has pleaded not guilty to over 30 charges of money laundering, receiving bribes and conflict of interest in a court appearance held under tight security.
Uganda for instance has 250 public health nurses to cater to the needs of about 34 million people.
A panel tasked with nominating a new Archbishop of Canterbury, the spiritual leader of the world's Anglicans, is divided and may take months to reach a decision, British media reported Sunday.
Mr.Jones farm is soon getting rebranded.
The New Vision is with Ruhindayo Rumanda.
The UN Security Council on Wednesday unanimously adopted a US-proposed resolution to help humanitarian aid reach desperate Afghans while seeking to keep funds out of Taliban hands.
People should always be careful on road y could a proffesionala driver drive in such a situation putting passengers lives on risk.
All teachers and non-teaching staff are expected to be vaccinated before they report to school.
The New Vision is with Ken Ethan.
Since her restaurant closed about five years ago, Amin has been living in Tottenham, UK on the employment support allowance.
On the other hand, opposition should pick a leaf in key areas where incurbent is strong.
“We shall dig deep into the history of these drivers and if we find out that any of them has caused a fatal accident before, that will be the end of their career,” Kasiima said.
Liverpool vs Southampton, whats your prediction?
Phaneroo Ministries International Invites ALL Women for our annual Women's Conference: My Great Price 2019, this 6th July 2019 at Kololo Independence Grounds from 1pm to 8pm EAT.
Hey, no need to move in circles.
” – Annette Franz.
They are loving people and I can do anything to be part of their family.
When Minister Elioda Tumwesigye left Sheema North constituency to contest in the newly-created Sheema Municipality, he did not anticipate what would befall him after.
The Government has signed a power purchasing agreement with an American infrastructure firm which is to construct a 150 megawatt geothermal power plant at Katwe in Kasese in Western Uganda.
Carefully put the sausages in the pan one-by-one.
Official: "Israeli military's operation against Hamas in Gaza went into a "substantial phase" overnight".
Makeup is such a new thing people are trying to understand.
I love my husband so much it hurts to have to tell him I want to leave.
Nc discussion but am just worried of accountability of dime used.
In an Oliver Twist-like case of nothing is never enough, the ministry of internal affairs has tabled another sh60b request for the stalled national identity project.
Thank u new vision"!
Godfrey Mabirizi was born in July 1962, went to Agankan and Pillaius S.S.S .
Malawian President Peter Mutharika has won re-election by a narrow margin, official results showed Monday, holding on to power in a ballot marked by fraud allegations.
As the country gears up to host two international summits, find out why agreement on utilization of the River Nile water may not come easily.
Before the COVID-19 pandemic, approximately 810 women and 6,700 newborns died daily globally, with the causes occurring mainly around the time of childbirth.
Reka ngu Naads ekatwita egi netuheeza.
Did you know that paw-paw seeds can be used to make deworming tablets for children?
The case is being prosecuted under the direction of the Director of Public Prosecutions after the Constitutional Court partially blocked the Inspector General of Government (IGG) from prosecuting it.
The spokesperson of Uganda People’s Defence Forces (UPDF), Lt.
The frightened animals - 21 dogs, eight puppies, and five cats and kittens - were crammed into small cages together.
May the Lord make his face shine upon you, and be gracious to you.
World'S first elephant selfie.
A four-year-old girl is nursing rotten buttocks after receiving injections from quack doctors to treat a fever:http://bit.
Over 800 youths graduated in leadership, vocational, Entrepreneurship and Life skills at CEDA center at Kawempe offices on Thursday, 27, feb, 2014.
The people were discovered by a URA scanner.
👗 When a one Caetano Milagres Gomes added a yoke and sleeves to the suuka, it gave birth to what we know today as the gomesi.
Whisk yogurt mixture into slow cooker bowl and cover; cook an additional 15 minutes or until sauce has thickened.
The New Vision is with Amos Kimani.
20 Those who are sinning rebuke in the presence of all, that the rest also may fear.
Allow people to work from home it is internet age, keep only key staff on site to reduce crowding and vulnerability, provide protective gear (gloves, masks, sanitizers keep testing and testing, make airspace lockdown mandatory.
2006: Joseph Kabila was inaugurated as President of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Mount reflects on game, Arteta pleads for fans.
This was done like 2 years ago.
But who owns it?
Marburg hemorrhagic fever is a rare, severe type of hemorrhagic fever which affects both humans and non-human primates.
Final Game going on now at Kakira, Jinja.
This reminded me of the rumours that made rounds that my ex-girlfriend was cheating on me while pregnant.
It took seven months to recover her remains.
Matia Kasaija: Coffee exports will consequently rise to about 9- 12 million 60-kg bags by 2020, more than doubling Uganda’s earnings from coffee export to at least US$ 1 billion from the US$ 400 million today.
Guns are dangerous toys, but some sections of Ugandans treat them as toys to play with.
However, some Egyptians living abroad complained from difficulties they face, on top of which is the lack of information on the procedures and candidates.
Nagenda’S comes out on kidnaps, North Korea talks .
Museven is not meeting opposition party leaders.
The Arua based Onduparaka are in Kampala to play Vipers FC in the Uganda Cup final this afternoon at War Memorial Stadium in Nakivubo.
Very calm are emukiga?
Speaker Rebecca Kadaga ushers #64CPC2019 delegates into tonight's dinner at Parliament in Kampala.
“I cannot resign until the President tells me.
Traders want Police to return their seized phones.
With the little Intel I have gathered about her she is nothing but a relic from a deleted timeline.
A first impression is made in less than 30 seconds.
The 72-year-old "Indiana Jones" and "Star Wars" actor suffered multiple gashes to his head and was left bleeding after the crash of the vintage two-seater plane, according to the TMZ celebrity website.
At the function the scout who came to Uganda on February 19, 2014 o celebrate the international scouts celebrations bid farewell to his Ugandan counterparts.
I hate GMO's with a passion.
But it was already too late.
The day celebrates and honours all of the unrecognised hard-workers.
The turbo-charged samba stars roared to victory with two goals from Fred and a stunning strike from Neymar, dominating a weary Spanish side whose strength was sapped after edging Italy on penalties in Thursday's semi-final.
The military commander of Congo's defeated M23 rebel movement, Sultani Makenga, has surrendered and is being held in Uganda at an undisclosed location, a senior Ugandan military officer told Reuters on Thursday.
The New Vision is with Atwine Stuart and 6 others.
Naye ani aloga arua this year .
They are either incompetent or they don't care about the people!
According to Bwire, when the medic arrived at the house, he found Muhangi lying in bed, already dead.
A Frenchman suffering from an incurable condition who plans to livestream his death has begun refusing all food, drink and medicine, after President Emmanuel Macron turned down his request for euthanasia.
(Pictures By John Semakula.
Deforestation and other effects of climate change are a clear and present danger that could lead to dire consequences for human nature.
Bandali died on December 27, 2014 in Vancouver, Canada.
However, car importers are accusing URA and Interpol of betraying them.
Schools, varsities in distress while future of 1.
Agriculture: Kampala City Council Authority-KCCA has started an urban agriculture resource centre at Kyanja.
A 76 seated bus with 30 hostesses!
The matter was adjourned to November 4 for hearing.
if we dont watch out some of this donations in form of VACCINES will spark a new problem as it happened to the HOLLY truck drivers!
Who should win the Player of the Year award this season?
It is the day that the Lord has made, happy birthday my son Ssentongo Mark Maison I wish you God's blessings my love.
The New Vision is with Moses Nathan Muhangi and Moses Nathan Muhangi.
Fold into cream cheese mixture.
Sterling scored in Liverpool's 2-0 win over Newcastle at Anfield on Monday.
Find out from The handshake.
Southern African nations have expressed concern at the growing number of Rwandan troops on the border of the Democratic Republic of Congo and said it hoped an invasion was not imminent.
France has recalled its ambassador to Ivory Coast amid allegations of sexist behaviour, the foreign ministry said on Saturday.
Most powerful 20 women, now the question goes, since she joined parliament 1.
A Spanish arrest warrant for Rwanda's intelligence chief remains valid despite a decision by British court to drop an extradition case against him, a judicial source said Saturday.
Don’T miss details on how over 300,000 Ugandans stand to benefit from free ARVs fund in New Vision #EPAPER - https://vpg.
"The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails," William Arthur Ward.
This years’ cerebration is to fundraise for people living with the Fistula problem.
coz sme leaders of nw days are corrupt.
We have the timetable for the display of the voters' register, the nominations and the campaign meetings.
While rare, breast cancer does occur in men and is often diagnosed at a later age and stage than in women, experts say.
Even here in Rubaare Ntungamo.
"Happy vals to my craziest friend Yvonne.
I think guys if a parent educates you, it's enough meaning giving you property is just a wish for him.
Caption this picture of our first Valentine Model; Julius Kay Eyakoowa.
A French court on Thursday jailed three Russian football supporters for up to two years for their role in violence in Marseille before the England-Russia Euro 2016 match.
#Endviolence: Most children and families do not report cases of sexual violence and exploitation because of stigma, fear, and lack of trust in the authorities.
The 210-page report on human rights in Uganda shows that of the 306 complaints raised by women to the commission, 178 were denial of child maintenance.
Real equalize in injury time through Sergio Ramos' header!
The province's interior minister has attributed the massacres to a notorious militia.
6trillion ($60b), a sum almost twice the current size of the economy.
Grab the New Vision for details #EPAPER- https://vpg.
Vision Group invites applications for internship for the period June to August, 2019.
Jim Muhwezi petitions to Media Center saying he is being witch-hunted .
The New Vision added 25 new photos — with Magembe Joseph and 10 others.
Guinea headed to the polls to choose their president Sunday, as a last-minute opposition appeal for the country's six million voters to participate added the latest twist to a campaign wrought with accusations and violence.
At least two people have been killed and a dozen more wounded in an explosion targeting the convoy of Afghanistan's vice president Amrullah Saleh in central Kabul.
Any way this country should be listed by Unesco as the 10th wonder of the world.
However, avoid withdrawing life-supporting supplies such a food, pocket money or essentials at school.
hes shd be living in some good air conditioned house in makindye baracks.
4Them they are not as old as the late.
Most of the suspects were being held at the near by Kiira, Namugongo and Bweyogerere police stations.
Al shaba realy rich.
Andrew Muwonge of the ruling National Resistance Movement (NRM) has today taken the oath of office as Kayunga's newly-elected district chairperson.
Details in New Vision.
Private universities not above public scrutiny, says the court.
He is now being helped to get off the edge and climb down.
As the second wave of covid-19 pandemic bites, fruit prices have been hiked as Ugandans prioritise eating specific foods as a way of boosting their body immunity to fight the pandemic.
We therefore welcome you to Uganda," says FUFA boss Moses Magogo.
Let the justice prevail.
Secondly why are you then forbidding priests to marry?
Without latrines, pupils put themselves at a risk of, for instance, being bitten by snakes while out in the bushes.
So, they should shoulder their burden.
Belgian Luc Eymael set to fill the big shoes of Serbian Micho Sredojević as Uganda Cranes coach.
Emin Baro, a Turkish national pleaded guilty to forcing children to perform sexual acts on him, has been ordered to pay a fine of only sh6m or face 2yrs in jail.
u were trying to look for a penalty but instead u got a BAN.
The minimum sentence for the "lucky" ones is 15years.
Kenyan Prime Minister, Raila Odinga joins Museveni campaign http://ow.
i laughed when he attempted to kick out a sitting attorney general out of uganda law society; that was a severe symptom of mental disorder.
The 37-year-old official has been lambasted in Britain for awarding the penalty that Bernard Foley converted to steal Australia's come from behind 35-34 victory.
Agony; IS MY CO-WORKER HITTING ON ME?
The New Vision is with Aine Nyeusi and 2 others.
A plane belonging to Soroti Civil Aviation Flying School on Monday afternoon crash landed in a bush injuring two students who were doing piloting exercise.
A leader that will not loot and empty government coffers for his own interests.
28Km MARK: Two Kiprotichs lead 42km marathon race.
Ugandans who access Internet through MTN services will have to dig deeper into their pockets after the telecom service provider announced new tariffs, effective Thursday.
What has this world come to?
Have you ever asked yourself why Ugandans are exchanging their citizenship in preference to a refugee status?
Bobi Wine's dad Mzee Willington Jackson Sentamu has died aged 75.
Does the current high population growth rate in Busoga have a negative impact on its development?
Mtn Is already doing it,so wic other ways do u expect?
7 senior Govt officials of Mbarara district have been interrogated by the State House Anti-Corruption Unit headed by Lt.
The incident comes after Sterling admitted rejecting a new £100,000-a-week Liverpool contract in an interview with the BBC.
We repeat, cancel the common wealth parliament conference.
Hot OF THE PRESS: In the Sunday Vision read all about the rift between President Museveni and MPs from the ruling NRM.
“This was better than Arua, a lot more people turned up and we had some really good singers,” one of the judges, Urban TV’s Bush Baby, said.
Girls now start it at even 10 years.
Pastor Kayanja explains role in sh5b youth funds saga .
Public prosecutors in the country have been advised to exercise impartiality while prosecuting cases of criminal nature and ensure suspects receive justice.
Reports indicate that about 20% of the world’s population are people living with different forms of disability.
What does he expect in Egypt because goals win matches.
New factories to offer 4,500 jobs.
The New Vision added 9 new photos — at Munyonyo Commonwealth Resort.
We should be competing with kenya en ethiopia.
When its your time to go, its your time to GO!
The District Service Commission in the New Vision, November 30, 2015 gazetted array of employment opportunities.
Kenya is working with its neighbours to come up with a single visa that will enable tourists to visit all the five East African Community member states.
Stingy men put their relationships at risk.
The GREATEST LEADER AMONG ALL AFRICAN LEADERS THAT LED THEIR AFRICAN COUNTRIES TO INDEPENDENCE.
Baguma allegedly visited Pine Car Depot, where he allegedly witnessed the torture and did nothing to save business woman Dona Katusabe’s life, but instead told her to pay the debt in order to regain her freedom.
The New Vision is with Distroyer Fred and 9 others.
Dont miss out on Audtions for Western Uganda at Agip Motel tomorrow; Sarturday.
Without which you can't say you ever went to school.
If the appointer was any man other than bosco, museveni would have gone to the bush by 1988 after an uneasy 2yr truce.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) said police had been called to the scene on Tuesday evening.
Kyagulanyi argues that the court is biased against him.
The New Vision is with Prossy Talemwa Abwooli and Princess Sànyumaleen.
Relationships simply evolve into what they were always meant to be.
Threat received via a letter warns that 2 suicide bombers may strike soon.
The New Vision is with Enad Arafat and 11 others.
“The day comes soon after the diocese has lost a long-serving bishop, John Baptist Kaggwa.
Mama yangu oh my foot.
President Yoweri Museveni is today (Tuesday) expected to grace the eighth Iteso Heritage Day celebrations, which kicked off in Kumi Municipality on Monday.
One guy from uganda.
Happy Birthday, the Kabaka of Buganda, Ronald Muwenda Mutebi II.
Why didn't they go to a gov't hosp instead of wasting ppl's time?
The drama that there was at KCCA!
Museveni blasts NRM critics in Lango.
Dr. Akankwasa and two accomplices were arrested on Sunday (September 12), at Star Royal suits hotel in Entebbe with a two-month-old child who was allegedly bought at sh20m and was destined for South Sudan.
Don't concern yourself with the person or the method of delivery.
Bishop Wilberforce Kityo Luwalira attacker acquitted, remains in prison.
The talks have been on hold since late August, when President Salva Kiir and rebel leader Riek Machar signed a new ceasefire deal -- the fourth since fighting began nine months ago -- and forge a unity government by October 9.
The New Vision is with Adier Maguar.
Expelled NRM MPs cannot lose their seats.
The President has noted that Ssekabaka Muteesa II's main problem was the company he linked up with here in Uganda.
He added that security agencies need to establish or revive a system to monitor former convicts.
Government is finalising regulations to operationalise a law that will guide individuals or companies seeking to declare bankruptcy.
K , R.I.P bt Afnz shd wake up coz w'r lzg grt p'ple nw dyz.
Gud 4 da Dutch.
I wonder if we have any sense of direction in our governance.
A proposed dam at Murchison Falls has raised dust.
That stork is rear.
The government has clarified that coffee farmers will not need license.
Tomorrow: Do not miss 'A Corruption Free Uganda' Documentary | 8pm on Urban Television.
However Police deputy spokesperson Polly Namaye on Sunday told New Vision Online that police would dispose of the pigs saying they had already got evidence.
We are back to General Idi Amin's era.
Whites are nt de only ones wiz skill.
I have been in a relationship with my girlfriend since January, although we do not live together.
Illuminati is an elite organization of world leaders, marketing authorities, innovators, artists and other influential members of the planet.
We left them to the might but their children and grandchildren they will not have the powers they have now.
There were musicians who made us jiggle at the sound of their music such as Chance Nalubega.
Nakato wants to be a lawyer in future while Babirye wants to be a singer.
Email them to digital@newvision.
this disease called Musevenism is spreading to Burundi.
Ogong made a statement to the House in relation to the loss of funds under the Premier’s office and the subsequent cutting of aid by the Irish government.
Meanwhile, the rest were opening the other doors,”MP Robert Migadde said.
People may not interpret you correctly!
“It’S Not Whether You Get Knocked Down, It’s Whether You Get Up”.
Students WRECK HAVOC IN JINJA COLLEGE STRIKE: Over 800 students of Jinja College (JICO) went on rampage and held a strike on Wednesday morning destroying school property worth millions of shillings.
Pastor, why is it that when we need money you tell us to pray to God, but when you need money you ask it from us yet you say; you're men of God?
Sweden'S Prosecution Service said in a statement that an investigation into 'aggravated drunkenness at sea,' 'gross negligence in sea traffic,' and 'gross causing of death by negligence' had been opened.
A 39 year old man has finally regained his freedom 10 years after he was wrongly convicted and sentenced to 20 years in prison for raping and thereafter murdering a woman.
Grab a free copy in today's paper-https://vpg.
Stop fooling your self and retire.
The United Nations secretary-general, Antonio Guterres, and the executive director of the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS, Winnie Byanyima, have paid tribute to Archbishop Desmond Tutu.
Controversy erupts over sh156b South Sudan compensation.
The New Vision is with Annet Nyakato.
An Ebola scare has hit Uganda following a case in which a boy, 5 got a fever Details.
The reality TV music show #Tusker Project Fame ends this Sunday after two months.
Africa united he is atrue son of the soil he he he he .
Force some of us to make desperate actions and see the effects after we have made the desions, I still don't support total leaving our children in other people's care.
Did you miss the Pakasa Forum last weekend?
We also have details on the charges awaiting Ziggy's family members.
You can abstain for many years but u can also get the virus on the first day of sex.
Homes & Construction: Get your mansion faster and easily with prefabrication to ensure quality housing standards.
Human rights too otherwise revenge on injustices happening now will come every when its 100years after us.
Vision Group wishes you a #HappyBoxingDay as we wrap up an eventful year.
To allow it or not?
The Civil Society Organisations (CSOs) have welcomed the Government’s move to withdraw the Constitution Amendment Bill, which had proposed that government compulsorily acquires land before compensating owners.
“Speak in such a way that others love to listen to you.
Hmmmm ,OK let them invest ,they will invest the whole Uganda.
"20 years ago we sank to the very bottom, observers considered Rwanda a failed state and predicted it would remain so.
New Vision online poll results from two weeks ago.
The recognition is given to international fellows who, after attending the War College, make it to the helm of their military institutions.
By Francis KagoloABOUT 500 academics at Makerere University are to lose their jobs in the ongoing restructuring, the university announced yesterday.
It shows faithfullness pray 4 us too.
Sorry dear take heart.
Photos by Maria Wamala.
Some students’ graduation hangs in balance after a decision by a higher education body.
people are quick to judge the dead but can't helping the living.
The desperate street child who passes stool through his stomach and mysteriously went missing has been found.
13, Market Street, Okesuna Bus-stop, Shomolu, Lagos State.
President Yoweri Museveni has recommended that the budgeting cycle for financial year 2016/17 should prioritise NAADS-operation wealth creation; micro-finance; the youth fund; the women fund and payment for the veterans’ pensions.
Then you gotta sign a death warrant before its administered coz there is 90% chance that you'll still get cleared dead by EBOLA.
Keeps track with KIPROTICH of Kenya.
That is what she does best, not her fault.
I wonder where a ugandan will run too for help.
Get it in the e-paper here bit.
What happened to the sh2 trillion Skilling Uganda project?
📸 As half time approaches, we have a total five goals scored across the four games in action now.
The Minister of works and transport, Eng.
I peaty people who are waiting for something to happen to Gen KArekyezi.
Doctors trained abroad failed Ugandan examinations.
Before she was Wonder Woman she was Diana, princess of the Amazons, trained warrior.
The First Lady and Minister of Education, Janet K. Museveni has warned educational institutions against arbitrary increase of school charges when learners resume their studies.
Take action on UBC boss, Minister orders board.
"It will absolutely reflect in your mental clarity, emotional capacity, relationships and creativity," Howes said.
Coronavirus: Cabinet debates travel restrictions for Ugandans #EPAPER: http://is.
“A mobile phone should not be kept discretely.
Keep me from being distracted by my wants, my desires and my thoughts on how things should be.
The victory dance comes from our striker Julius Senyimba.
<P>"For us this is a dream come true to have won here.
It depends on your input in this relationship.
The Democratic Party presidential candidate, Norbert Mao, surprised NRM party supporters in Lwemiyaga county, Sembabule district when he campaigned for the NRM parliamentary flag-bearer, Theodore Ssekikubo.
6m outstanding medical bill.
Ahead of President @KagutaMuseveni's address tonight (8pm) on the #COVID19 situation in the country, what do you think should be done to reverse the increasing cases of infections?
mpozi embwa ezaala mbwa!
If u'v watched America's Got Talent 7, u cant fail to rememba da mzeei of Wachi gona do!
Uhuru Kenyatta will be seated in the ICC court room at 11 AM (East African Time) for a Status Conference that will determine the future of his case.
This has led to school dropouts, health complications like fistula, some girls are banished from home leaving them helpless".
Police in Kasese are hunting for a suspected quack doctor who attempted to operate a pregnant mother with a kitchen knife at Rwensande Health Centre IV.
Villa organising and Villa disorganising their club agenda - read elections.
So how did he discover the great John Akii-Bua?
Read her complete Interview in the Sunday Vision-https://vpg.
The BRUTAL AND DEMOCRATIC UNDEMOCRATIC M7 REGIME IS PUNISHING A PEOPLE FOR NOT VOTING FOR IT.
To win a free ticket and save sh290,000 go to like "Pakasa Vision@ on FB now.
President Yoweri Museveni has agreed with the proposal to trade Uganda's agricultural products for COVID-19 vaccines with Cuba.
Live UPDATE: Protesters have taken over parts of Manhattan's west side highway.
The gulf of Alaska.
Anc national spokesperson Jackson Mthembu said while the party welcomed the apology from the channel, the broadcast was “uncalled for and totally insensitive on the part of DStv as Nelson Mandela is alive and receiving treatment”.
Moro'S Jap melodies thrill fans.
Is his decision fair to both transporters and passengers?
Get parenting advice from parenting experts and counselors in the Parenting/Family column every Monday to Friday in New Vision.
He has been singing at different NRM functions because its his business and that is where he gets his money to feed his family.
The women carried a live owl, two winnowing baskets (which are used for flying in witchcraft mythology), a baboon skeleton and an orange substance in a bottle, newzimbabwe.com reported on Thursday.
Co-Operative society limited without authorisation.
Click link for details;http://bit.
The inmates said the popularity of the game has reached a level that requires corporate sponsorship as teams prepare for the Independence Cup.
Kampala Metropolitan Police spokesperson Emilian Kayima, revealed the names of the deceased as Lameck Ogwang; a security supervisor with SGA a private security firm and Fred Ssembatya; a boda boda rider from Mengo.
Three reactors melted down in the world's worst atomic accident since Chernobyl in 1986.
Anything less than a win today will put a stop to Hima Cement Heathens’ hopes of winning the Nile Special Premier Rugby League title.
#Akalulu2021: Pulezidenti Museveni atemye evvuuniike okukola oluguudo lwe Kira, Kasangati , Matugga.
To date, 77-year-old Ezzati, the Catholic Church's highest official in Chile, has insisted he is innocent.
Police was today Wednesday involved in running battles with rioting students of Makerere University who demanded that the management releases their field attachment money immediately.
The escort of the Lord’s Resistance Army rebel leader, Joseph Kony, has told the International Criminal Court (ICC) that contrary to the alleged cruel side, the ex-LRA combatant, Dominic Ongwen, was not a brutal person during his almost three decades in the jungles.
According to the programme, the main celebrant is Dr Cyprian Kizito Lwanga, the Archbishop of Kampala Diocese.
The Thursday exercise was one of the moves by KCCA to restore order in the city.
32-year-old Daren Metropoulis has agreed to buy the iconic home for more than $100 million.
Muntu met the EC over his political journey.
We celebrate you everyday.
Apple and Google plan to directly integrate contact-tracing software into smartphones as they aim to broaden a jointly developed initiative to combat the coronavirus.
I go weak at the knees and can't concentrate if I see him.
Ugandans who are in the category of at most risk groups and haven't yet been vaccinated against COVID-19 shall be prioritised to receive the Moderna vaccines donated by the US Government.
Despite failing to end Uganda’s 34-year wait for a return to the Africa Cup of Nations finals, Uganda Cranes coach Bobby Williamson is not about to throw in the towel.
From then, He never looked back and neither did we.
You will feel on top form, take the initiative.
Uganda Communications Commission (UCC) has commenced the migration of television transmission from analogue to digital with a switch-off in Kampala and surrounding areas within a radius of 60km.
Harvest Money - Best farmers re-launched.
Disabled soldiers from the South Sudanese army (SPLA) wounded during the recent outbreak of violence in the country staged a protest in the capital, Juba, on Monday, over delays in the payment of their salaries.
You could inadvertently stir up someone's emotions in a way you aren't prepared to handle.
Why is the UNATU boss is unhappy with the late Prof.
This was revealed by Uganda Tourism Board (UTB) Chief Executive Officer, Steven Asimwe.
Ugandans now seem to be fadeup of the current regime given the prevailing situation in the country.
Jesus replied, “Anyone who loves me will obey my teaching.
Netball body UNF president Suzan Anek will wait on the National Council of Sports to determine when her executive leaves office for their newly-elected successors led by president-elect Sarah Babirye.
The New Vision is with Adut Mayen Kulang.
He was recently told by a colleague to apply for a job in Kenya and he might get the contract.
Not all editors in new vision were paid off!
Garnish with chocolate curls or grated chocolate, if desired.
Follow us for your daily news updates.
#Phaneroo: WE ARE PHANEROO, WE MANIFEST.
Nrm national treasurer, Rose Namayanja, who was involved in a motor accident, has been operated on by a team of orthopaedics led by Dr. Isaac Kajja.
The Cranes played against Ghana’s Black Stars, the tournament’s hosts, to whom they lost 2-0.
Here you go 👉🏾.
Find the full story in the Sunday Vision.
The High Court has ordered LDC to reverse a decision to cancel some diplomas in legal practice.
Daniel Schooler, 68, is accused of gunning down Pastor William Schooler, 70, inside the office of St. Peters Missionary Baptist Church in Dayton, Ohio.
At heart all of them will always be abaliisa be ente or cattle herders.
May you change the statement to read " Banyankore graduates have another chance to study oil in France.
By the way some of those people have been sent on a mission, they hardly have any money on them.
In my polling station Dr .
Buy and read our paper online here.
William Kajoba started out as a street hustler in Kampala without a definite address in the early 1980s.
It’S a fun day with a serious message, where you can help us build a global movement in support for #childrights.
Visit their places once, everything is there.
And investing in men is nt?
And Shepard One Lands on Entebbe Airport.
“The victims leave the bars for their homes after drinking sprees, but usually fail to wake up the next day.
Get a copy of Today's #NewVision or subscribe to the E-paper for Details.
"A detachment of our army's anti-terrorist force suffered a murderous attack which claimed the lives of 12 of our valiant soldiers and left some wounded," said President Rock Marc Christian Kabore, in an address to the nation.
but for how much longer?
They think that its here where freedom of press is limited.
U pipo are going!
9kgs of cocaine estimated at sh520m.
Police spokesperson for West Nile Josephine Angucia said the incident happened at around 7:00am at Andelizo trading centre in Adumi Sub County.
Libya has invested over $375m (about sh900b) in Uganda’s agriculture, hotel, health, infrastructure, construction, food and financial industries.
7 with a fertility rate of 6.
Members of Parliament deny increasing their allowances.
<P>Social media was awash with comments after the taxation move.
Click on the following link for full story;.
Secondly, the education system has continuously annointed us with stupidity of no value.
Namaye however did not disclose how much each pig would cost saying police had not yet established the amount of money the pigs are worth.
Tonny Mawejje scores only goal of the Saturday match.
The New Vision added 4 new photos — with Nsamba Bogere and 3 others.
Africans wit extending their rule!
Ugandan troops (UPDF) storm #SouthSudan Capital; #Juba streets, armed with brooms, spades.
The former presidential aspirant joined the Archbishop of the Church of Uganda, Dr. Stephen Mugalu Kaziimba, who earlier today also mourned the death of Bishop Magezi.
Today marks a year since she perished in a plane crash.
Sydney - An Apple manager has apologised to six teenagers of African descent after staff kicked them out of an Australian store citing concerns they "might steal something", with a video of the incident going viral on Facebook.
The Secretary-General calls on all parties to immediately cease hostilities.
The year-long mission is designed to measure the impact of space travel on Kelly's body.
Ugandans should take away the mentality that white means money while black means poverty.
The New Vision is with Rubab Ali and 4 others.
Uk Government's 'Go home' vans backed by Immigration Minister Mark Harper.
Kasirye Gwanga has been dragged to the High Court over land valued at sh750m.
It means that a child is able to use his mind's eye to plan, design or create something of value.
Others were selectively taken to other places, particularly if one’s skin was of a different colour or if they had other negotiation abilities, a victim narrates.
Rangers headed by Warden in charge Karumà wildlife Reserve, Wilfred Chemutai managed to put the elephant out of action after it became violent.
The complex took two years to construct with long term financing from the state owned Housing Finance Bank.
Iam extremely humbled to have won the challenge and best photo.
All his relatives are dead.
Some taxi operators have backed the move, saying it has helped de-congest the park and taxis can now park properly.
Mbu $1bn namwe mutujeko amaalo.
These are the children you find teaching others at school bad manners,” Sebuliba notes.
U r nat the judge 4 christ sake.
Several cars and boda bodas have been impounded.
48 National Resistance Movement (NRM) secretariat staffs have petitioned President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni, over the conduct of the Secretary General (SG), Kasule Lumumba.
The New Vision added 13 new photos — with Ssekitooleko Emmanuel at Serena Conference Centre.
Archbishop Samuel Stephen Kaziimba has urged Ugandans to go for the COVID-19 vaccination jab ahead of the reopening of the economy.
Come as a friend and leave as family when you stay at The Athena Hotel Uganda.
It'S good for USA and the world.
#Urbantoday: Events promoter Bajjo defies COVID-19 SOPs to empower youth.
'A man armed with a knife entered the police station in Cornella to attack the officers.
So why have you brought this picture?
Scenes from today morning as vendors found their structures mainly mobile money points razed down by KCCA at 1st Street Industrial Area near Vision Group Offices and Club Silk.
The Uganda Wildlife Authority (UWA) and the Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities have taken the unusual step of clearing Smith Ewa Maku to export seven tonnes of pangolin scales estimated at $4.
'Let nobody deceive the youth.
High Court Judge Musa Ssekaana has rejected the cross-examination of Prof.
What do u expect.
Standing ovation for #TeamHope from Burundi.
Details of these and more: #EPAPER;.
But y do parents make children's hair grow let them finish school first (this digitalisation swagg z destroying our generation stupidily ).
The other day Kabushenga openly disagreed with the flagship youthfund and rightfully so.
I am engaged to get married in August.
Steep four tea bags of black tea in hot water for at least 10 minutes.
Why doesn't he quit in peace.
Violence against children is any incident that involves controlling and threatening behaviour.
On Monday, Justice Benjamin Kabiito ordered Ndiege to remain on leave until court makes its finding on whether the university council acted reasonably when it recommended his sacking.
The investigation was reportedly prompted after six Turkish citizens reported their relatives joining terrorists to police.
In OIL & GAS: OIL PROJECT NOT GREASING LOCAL SUPPLIERS POCKETS.
Mourners turn up for the final send-off of the Rwenzururu Queen mother, Biira Christine Mukirania at Izahura Primary school grounds in Harugale sub-county in Bundibugyo.
As traffic jam increases in the City with people rushing and travelling upcountry for Christmas, many have dumped taxis for bodabodas.
We live in our own storeyed house, my wife drives a posh car and I generally provide for her almost everything.
What pains me is that we pay for work permits in foreign countries very exorbitantly but in Uganda, foreigners are let in freely!
Wolves may be trailing at home but they have better ball possession (57%) against their more illustrious visitors (43%) with 10 minutes to half time.
National Water and Sewerage Company as they signed a $24m agreement with Egyptian company El Nasr Company for Civil work and Dott Services Ltd to build a sewerage system and improve water coverage in Arua.
Tumusiime refers to Electoral Commission boss Eng.
Bolt holds the London Grand Prix record (19.
The race for the Mityana North MP seat is boiling already.
In Fridays New Vision.
Inzzi, Kipsiro in action Thursday night.
Gloria Ssenyonga, 36, the mother of Faith Kyamagero, the child who was beheaded has spoken out.
The New Vision is with Ashraf Maybe Mugera and 26 others.
Another obvious advantage of Forex is a simple way of entering the market.
Com/ REPORTS THAT two counts of capital murder have been filed against Isaac Tiharihondi, according to the Houston Police Department.
Get a copy of New Vision for MORE-https://epaper.
<P>Vipers crushed BUL 8-1 to clinch their second Uganda Cup trophy on Sunday at the FUFA Technical Centre in Njeru.
Finance minister Matia Kasaija (not in picture) has warned of more sectoral cash cuts should the #COVID19 pandemic worsen.
Flashback FRIDAY: The then New Vision legal officer, Robert Kabushenga (r) announces the winner in the 'Back to School' bonanza draw on Capital Radio while DJ Alex Ndaula (L) & Christine Mawadri(c) assist him.
Working time on kyeyo in Namibia and returned to retire with a lot of wealth, was found dead at his home at Kikajjo in Makindye Ssabagabo, Wakiso district.
Yes NRM has killed some people but those killed are armed enemies in combats.
This will be a go-to website.
In today's NEW VISION: Pope Francis' visit to Uganda confirmed PLUS Free Toto Magazine.
A complete dgital copy available online.
Vision GROUP team safely in Marrakech.
즉 그 이끄는 자 곧 단체나 나라의 지도자가 문제가 되는 것이다.
Think Religious relativism,not absolutism.
In HEALTH AND BEAUTY:.
During the Budget speech, the Minister of Finance Maria Kiwanuka said Government had reintroduced the tax in order to widen the tax base, with an estimated 20bn in revenue, a year after it had zero rated it.
He says the older judges get, the better they become at articulating issues at hand.
Fufa president Lawrence Mulindwa has vowed not to quit his job.
The New Vision added 5 new photos — at Namugongo Martyrs' Shrine.
Iso probes taxi leaders.
The New Vision is with Mbusa Moris and 6 others.
Sound waves are magnetic.
There'S nothing like we miss apart from seeing young people who are trying to perfect British and American accent.
A group of 75 members of a local drama group, The Ebonies, last Sunday thrilled hundreds of Ugandan fans in Dubai with their latest live musical drama production, Whatsapp, at Grand Excelsior Hotel in Bur Dubai, Dubai, UAE.
Phillip Kipyeko announced his arrival in the seniors with one of the biggest upsets of the National Cross-country Championships.
I think he is perfectly fine with the way things are, but I am not.
'If science and technology was to manufacture a machine to establish people's age, hell would break loose' - Rt.
No one is above the law apart from the sitting president.
I come before you on behalf of my family.
Fat, oil, and the chemicals in potato (or other) crisps make them a perfect fire-starting material.
His goal is the difference so far.
#Newvision it is just a news.
Is it then based on the principle of a free economy or driven towards reciprocation ?
Is there new vision tv?
Did she not know I was married!
This is what you should be posting.
The Cranes job recently went vacant following the sacking Bobby Williamson.
we were vaccinated and told to collect cards after two weeks.
#Newvisiontv looks at some of the incomplete stories, mentioning where the audiences have been shortchanged by the journalists.
Tragedy: Electricity kills three in Bulwa Zone, Wakaliga in Rubaga Division after a heavy downpour.
The body of the Rwandan killed at the border has been handed over to the authorities in Rwanda in a ceremony attended by diplomats in Uganda.
Just poor kids with no opportunities for stimulation, i would call this picture of the day.
“My source is very authentic but I am reserved now,” Lokodo said adding that: “The mistake I made was I had not consulted with Interpol before divulging that information but do not worry we shall get him,” he said suggesting that his claim that Emuobor had been arrested could be wrong.
Nira is someone's project.
Fortebet KIRINYA BRANCH WILL BE HOSTING FIRIMBI SPORTS SHOW ON BUKEDDE TV.
Some have drowned,” Siraje Bugingo, a fisherman, says.
Meet the next generation US war machine.
A presidential candidate telling children to vote for him when they grow up.
Food PUSHES UP UGANDA HEADLINE INFLATION TO 3.
The fate of the headmaster of Kibuli Secondary School in Kampala over allegations of sexually abusing his female students is to be sealed this week.
Get the story in New Vision #EPAPER- https://epaper.
but the workers drive posh cars thru it enter.
Killing a crococodile is not new to him.
He makes shs 500,000 every performance.
Big up 2 u sis!
Atheist authors Richard Dawkins and Christopher Hitchens proposed the action .
8 billion as tycoon Rupert Murdoch bids to create a global media giant.
Not more than 3 occupants including driver.
#Zambia has appointed an acting president amid health concerns for #Sata.
That'S normal to then.
She cried out for help, but some locals apparently did not pay attention because they supposed filming was under way.
She deserves freedom in her own compound.
Make sure to keep hydrated as you go through your day by bringing water with you.
The Government is considering removing all tax levied on retirement benefits for employees in the formal sector.
The New Vision added 5 new photos — with Ernest Tusingwire.
We will be live on all @VisionGroup platforms.
The number of people being monitored by World Health Organisation and the Ministry of Health has also risen from 34 to 132.
The Defense ministry needs an extra sh28.
He sounded the warning after seeing his side pull up a shocking 3-1 win over defending champions SC Vipers at their home ground in Buikwe on Friday.
So I would like to ask you, when and where are you thinking of going?
She succumbed to a number of old age ailments, ending her 95-year journey.
or maybe his uncle.
The New Vision is with Ogwang Santos.
Buy a copy from the nearest News stand.
Charles Lwanga almost turned from provider to scorer.
Byandala in court tomorrow, New Vision has details why.
The Daughters of St. Paul have played a vital role in evangelisation through the media.
3 billion, #Nigeria's Folorunsho Alakija 62 unseats Oprah Winfrey as the richest black woman in the world.
Civilisation does exist in our dark continent!
Value added services (VAS) such as bulk messaging, games and pranks are on the rise with growing use of data.
You have started burning everything and is the same time you want us to take back our kids to school.
Assesment of its impact on Uganda's Health Sector.
Why are we are so obsessed with hiding our age?
Adru ba piri la Aabugo tii jo laku.
According to the Indian media, protests in the city of Dimapur began on Wednesday, with agitators urging the mob to seize a man accused of raping a local woman and held in the city jail since late February.
Get The Sunday Vision e-paper via bit.
Is wasting his talent just, mucfc is for aged players.
This and several other stories in New Vision Sport.
Villarreal said on Monday that they had given the fan responsible a life ban.
Cases have become common because children, like their parents, eat lots of junk foods and don't exercise.
Wearing helmet inside a Kampala taxi.
Grab yourself a copy of today's New Vision for the details.
Amin said he had appointed Babiiha, who was a vice-president in the ousted Milton Obote regime, because of the work rendered to the nation.
Kampala Capital City Authority (#KCCA) has petitioned court in protest against an arbitrator decision to award Nalongo Estates sh732.
Read the story in New Vision.
Football: Morgan Schneiderlin signs for Manchester United from Southampton.
His preferred medium is chalk, "because you can do so much with dust".
Leaders wake up please!
Kiprotich adorns the Ugandan flag after touching down at Entebbe International Airport this morning.
The New Vision added 13 new photos — with Jackson Rock and Rhonna Kams.
In a bid to diminish hunger in the classroom, as well as to promote school enrolment and retention rates in refugee settlement ECD centres, schools and NGOs have hatched strategies, which are bearing fruit, writes Andrew Masinde.
It gets better every second at the #TOTOFestival.
Silas Basemire, the officer in charge of Masindi Police Station, says the bees first swarmed on John Baryehitsta, who was walking to Masindi town.
Notice: Nomination of #NRM Presidential flag-bearer is tomorrow .
Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) is redesigning the departure lounge for Entebbe International Airport.
This teaches them that true happiness comes from experiences instead of possessions.
Jeje Odongo denies he wore sh3.
You mean on those accounts there are no people as next of kin?
The younger they are, the more cues they take from you.
A total of 285 women last year died in Hoima Hospital due to birth-related complications, according to a government report: http://cot.
Two atheists proposed the action against the Pontiff for his handling of child abuse scandals in the Catholic Church.
Subscribe to our #EPAPER👉bit.
It is so bad that the law and orders from above are applied to down people leaving the top guys relaxed.
But just take courage and keep exposing them for your own security, if you keep silent they will corner you.
#Urbanupdates: Police have arrested over 200 suspects plus impounding 500 vehicles and motorcycles.
Rwanda’S president Paul Kagame and his Congolese leader Joseph Kabila are set to attend another regional summit on the Congo conflict in Kampala tomorrow.
The New Vision is with Richard Odongo and 12 others.
Tired od dat case.
Share your story about China in an essay or video format and stand a chance to win great prizes.
The court order follows Nyakana’s failure to appear in court for the last three months to answer charges against him.
Where did mutesi go?
Thunder that will destroy NRM is still making presups!
Irene Ovonji-Odida said that the woman was left helpless in Mulago Hospital while the perpetrators were let scot free.
Corruption starts from the applications office whereby to successfully have your application approved you have to pay money (not receipted) ,to have the pole delivered and erected you also pay money.
The General was prevented from talking to journalists.
Officials said two suicide bombers tried to enter the Khanpur Imambargah but were intercepted by police.
The New Vision is with Ssenkumba Nicholas.
That would translate to 538 pixels per inch (ppi).
The move to block Kayunga District Woman MP Aidah Erios Nantaba from swearing in as Lands State Minister, Tuesday flopped when the court refused to hear an application by a concerned citizen, Peter Kibirango.
The tomato is one of the seasonal moneymakers that farmers who need a quick buck should go for.
The President of the Democratic Party ( DP), Nobert Mao, has implored the Government to consider establishing a COVID-19 relief fund for schools ahead of the reopening.
Do Ugandans eat from your office or they too need to fend for their families.
Musota said that it is only the Law Council that has the mandate to suspend and revoke a license of a legal practitioner, so the decision of the Law Society is just an opinion that is not legally binding.
Leaders in Karamoja have asked President Yoweri Museveni to institute a fresh disarmament exercise.
Expert explains Ngora Rock rumblings.
#Vghealthcamp2017: The Vision Group HEALTH CAMP Raises health awareness and sensitizes the community about and how to deal with communicable and non-communicable diseases.
Now that's how you make a statement!
At times we have to analyze our comments lives from both sides are precious .
The New Vision is with Enoch Mutebi and 7 others.
If u want suffer be under a woman's control .
The hosts are pushing hard for a goal.
The association that has over 180 members consisting of veterans, widows and children of ex-servicemen who died also received an assortment of different items which included pigs, chicken, goats to help kick start different income generating activities among the members.
Uganda is to open missions in Mogadishu, Brazil, Kuala Lumpur and Asmara, the Permanent Secretary Ministry of Foreign affairs, Ambassador James Mugume has said.
Today'S front page, Grab a copy or get a complete digital copy online.
Ethiopia’S PM tours Museveni’s Kisozi farm.
Pay for the funerals, go to them to comfort.
Mbabazi says that their submission is thus: "If there were no [declaration of results] DR forms, there were no results".
John Baptist Walusimbi is set to handover office to the new Katikkiro Charles Peter Mayiga at Bulange Mengo.
She is wanted in Uganda for embezzlement of millions of dollars from her British ex-lover David Greenhalgh.
Wilson Kipsang’s revenge plan against Uganda fell on the wayside as he lost to Moses Kipsiro in the Bupa Great Manchester 10km Run that was held on Sunday in Manchester, UK.
The Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS) has said that they expect their new executive director Winnie Byanyima to assume office in November.
📝 Missed President Museveni's #NewYear's address?
Newly constructed health facilities being messy & becoming threat to patients who go there to stop being patients.
People are dancing and singing revolunary songs.
This chic looks like prince wasajja's wife?
Send up to UGX 2 million to any mobile number in Uganda for a flat fee of UGX 1500 while enjoying free withdrawal.
The New Vision is with Millie M. Mayina and 3 others.
Christmas is in the air as public readies itself.
He is doing work of various ministries.
New vision published Hilary had won.
Rema Namakula is here to entertain the #BGExpo2018 guests.
The suspects also Killed 13 month old baby while fleeing.
Yet there's no peace and unity in ug,fek nominations!
Xs high court bt i think this end of begining of case so sejusa don't b happy unless yo out of .
Today Senior six candidates are sitting their exams, which will go on for the next three weeks.
Church of uganda not church of christ when did uganda die on the cross?
The army has decorated three senior officers who were recently promoted.
Deceiving us that museveni is still leaading thebrace with 71% from where?
Jamaican reggae dancehall star Koshens, real name Garfield Spence, will be returning to Uganda for the second time.
Read the narrative of the girl who attended Independence day in the Sunday Vision-https://vpg.
Mr. Universe Ivan Byekwaso is not taking any chances in his quest of winning gold in the World Cup natural body building championship, due November 7, in San Diego and the Natural Olympia that follows thereafter in Las Vegas, November 12-15.
Lets share the interesting moments here.
A senior UPDF officer, Maj.
- Find details in the New Vision.
May be its President Museveni copying me.
The lord said do not judge, love your neighbour as you love yourself!
I believe one of the reasons why the song resonated with many young people is because a lot of them could identify with the idea of starting small, going through the hassle and finally making it big.
Amin, who had declared himself life president, ruled Uganda from January 25, 1971 to April 11, 1979, when he was thrown out by a combined force of Ugandan exiles backed by the Tanzanian army.
Shamim, 14, was working at a restaurant in Kayunga district when a 20-year-old man approached her and convinced her to start a love affair.
Balotelli tweeted his exciting news earlier and the number of retweets has soared ever since.
The case in which a concerned citizen sued police boss, Godfrey Bangirana for refusing to vacate office despite the expiry of his contract has been allocated to Justice Henrietta Wolayo.
Position: Still Graphics Editor Reports To: Vizual Central Manager Contract Terms: Freelance Duty.
💴💶💷💵 Today's opening forex rates as provided by Bank of Uganda.
May their soul rest in peace, how ever católica .
“In the circumstances, we humbly seek that the matter be fixed and your worship proceeds to have the respondent undergo a mental psychological evaluation by a professional,”.
Besides How sure are u wealth is the issue behind all this.
Whenever she is anxious, Natasha pretends to be busy and finds something to distract her.
Shanita Namuyimbwa a.k.a. Bad Black has been convicted of embezzling sh11b from Daveshan, a company she jointly owned with her British lover, David Greenhalgh.
The Argentine-born pontiff used his visit to the National Palace and the capital's cathedral to send tough messages to the country's elite on the first full day of a cross-country tour of some of Mexico's hotspots.
David Basangwa, the acting executive director of Butabika Hospital said even when most of the patients recover and are sent back home, the problem of staff shortage still stands.
But apart from that, there is a lot more he has done for a family that stretches across four generations.
When it's time to go, even the #Goats know it.
A report of Budget Monitoring and Accountability Unit, Ministry of finance says The Uganda Electricity Transmission Company Limited has developed a number of transmission line systems and their associated substations countrywide.
Hahahahaha, of all news Uganda' s news is the worst of all.
I hate Holy sinners!
The protests came to be known as the 2009 Buganda riots.
Here is a walk through video of #NajjeraHeights, where a grand entrance ushers you into a world of affordable luxury.
Read about how Mutesa, Obote became political allies in the Sunday Vision 👉 #EPAPER: http://is.
Gilbert Bukenya has sued Government demanding over sh104m in damages, claiming he was maliciously prosecuted by the IGG for abuse of office and fraud in the supply of executive vehicles used during the 2007 CHOGM summit.
A day to refuel your soul and be grateful for your blessings.
David #Sejusa has been retired from the army not true.
She is expected to be discharged from hospital anytime soon http://see.
F**K off wz kony stories.
Kizza Besigye is NOT en I repeat is NOT FDC President.
Why also part of it?
Livestock markets and butcheries in Kamwenge district have been temporarily closed as a measure against the spread of the foot-and-mouth disease.
Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday extended his lead in Nigeria's presidential election as more results were announced amid opposition charges of a rigged outcome.
The International Criminal Court has issued arrest warrants for Libyan leader Col Muammar Gaddafi, one of his sons, and Libya's intelligence chief.
Get the reactions on Museveni’s talk on corruption, in today's New Vision.
Kalungu man dies in a bar amidst curfew.
Yaya Toure gave Ivory Coast a mid-first half lead, Dieumerci Mbokani equalised from a penalty, Gervinho restored the lead before half-time and Serge Wilfried Kanon added a third goal.
The minister for information and national guidance has called upon people especially the elders to write Wills as a way of ensuring harmony in their families.
Believers were excited after a go ahead to open places of worship, limiting the number to 70.
Had she not been homesick, Police commissioner Christine Alalo would probably not have been on the illfated Ethiopian Airlines aircraft that ended her life along with 156 others.
The petitioners argued that compared to prices of digital stamps in other East African countries, what is charged in Uganda by URA is too high.
How will you mark this Christmas?
In his communication during Tuesday's plenary sitting, Oulanyah wished the two kings more years of anniversary celebrations.
Several bridges and culverts have been swept away by the current torrential rains in Tororo district, cutting off links between some sub-counties and Tororo town.
The Rotary International President, Shekhar Mehta, has launched the Maternal and Child Health programme at Kawempe National Referral Hospital.
So the line will start from Munyonyo!
For us we know him.
According to the Rwenzori Mountains National Park (RMNP) warden-in-charge, James Ilokol Okware, 39 tourists, have hiked the mountain since the beginning of the current lockdown bit.
The suspects, Julius Ssekandi 29, Francis Kizito 40 and Joram Kintu 50, all residents of Ganda in Wakiso district were arrested during a Wednesday night operation to shade light on the horrific murder of Desire Nakalanzi.
Majority between the ages 14-24 are seeking the three-month contraceptive injection costing sh5,000.
And don’t forget to turn off your cell phones.
Waiting patiently, the catholic church is in a mess!
The Deputy Solicitor General Christopher Gashirabake has been cleared of sexual harassment allegations.
,It has nothing to do with us.
Breeders on the farms are asked to update the bureau about the behaviour of the animals twice a day, the report said.
Get their views in the paper.
The authors told their stories out loud.
Has kati kati moved frm Bwaise to Lugogo or it has always bin thea.
The New Vision is with Fouster Blaizy and Asuman Kiyingi.
The best thing is to allow us have Bank accounts at home we are not stolen by relatives alone even the countries we are in its every challenge issue.
The Uganda People's Defence Forces has destroyed more ADF camps in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
He told the General court martial presided over by Brig.
But mr how old are you?
6b recently at Kigo along the shores of Lake Victoria.
His entourage includes his UPDF armed escorts and the Police personnel from Masaka.
Not everyone is used to all that extra that comes with makeup.
New Leader of Opposition in Parliament Betty Aol Ochan receives instruments of power From Winnie Kizza but promises NO change.
5 percent between July and September compared to the previous three-month period, the Stats SA agency said.
Uniting makes unit strongle,once we're strongle we develope,and departing makes joints break so let us unite for bright not adark future.
Taking time off to go to the village, for recreation, taking a soda in a nearby restaurant or even cooking a meal together are some of the things that can help create bonding with your child.
Remember, our prayers do not need to be long.
And even if they laid doen their tools for a onth the ipact on GDP would be miniscule.
A taste of his own deeds back in UG.
😂 Meet Victoria, she claims to have got the American accent from God.
The leaders issued an altimatum to M23 rebels to resume peace talks and reach an agreement.
Fever, vomiting and severe diarrhoea are among the symptoms of the highly infectious and extremely lethal Ebola virus, which has claimed thousands of lives in a series of outbreaks in Africa since 1976.
First Lady urges Ugandans to seek salvation.
Above all, be fluent in Bahima proverbs.
Mukula looked clearly subdued and bewildered after the Anti- Corruption Court Chief Magistrate Irene Akankwasa gave the damning verdict.
NOW ON SALE #EPAPER-https://epaper.
#Urbanupdates: The Ministry of Education has issued guidelines for the re-opening of schools.
Then when it comes true, you’ll be prepared.
20 plants can produce at least 60 bunches per year.
Get more farming tips in your free pull out.
As long as 2 years from the previous birth.
Find out how much he demands the government, how the debt came about and what their response is in Saturday Vision #EPAPER- https://epaper.
A source from Kenya military say the operation is expected to be concluded tonight.
"The equipment will help to invariably capture photos in affected locations and to also document reports on a timely basis," said Ogwal, the NEMA National Resources Manager.
A study done by Makerere University found that many Ugandans are not observing the SOPs because of language barrier.
When you meet Suzan Okory and start talking about men and marriage, she will quickly change the topic.
The Police in Buwunga, Masaka district, have detained a man who cut his wife’s legs accusing her of infidelity.
They already know the circle of killers in Uganda.
John Ssentamu Ddumba has vowed to steer the university away from practices like photocopying coursework, absenteeism of lecturers and favoritism in order to improve the university’s rankings.
You are special because you give us the best of everything.
After beating Titus Tugume with in 9 seconds, the motor mouthed Ugandan Kick boxing Champion Moses Golola is searching for a suitable woman to marry.
The New Vision is with Aguma Robert and 8 others.
#Emmys: Viola Davis wins outstanding lead actress in a drama series.
The Police has announced a ban on night church gatherings, fireworks and any other celebrations which usually usher people into the New Year.
Bakileke Siraji is on the run, Kalez Police SSP Galfriend was demoted, deranked, Police Escorts and Vehicle and Fat budget all removed!
Uganda qualified for the global stage after putting up good show in the Africa Championship in South Africa.
A policeman has cited extortion by bosses which makes loans expensive as the reason they default on loan repayment.
"There is an attack at the university and more police officers have been sent there, and the military," said police spokesman Gatiria Mboroki.
Beans contain a wide range of cancer-fighting plant chemicals, specifically, isoflavones and phytosterols which are associated with reduced cancer risk.
Insulting the president is considered a crime in Turkey and the punishment can be up to four years in jail.
Part Time and EARN BETWEEN Ksh.
But where is his replacement?
People should know that he is a King , secondly they should know that while greating a king one must kneel down , if katikiro can kneel down for kabaka why not the omukama.
It is a 4:3 decision by the Supreme Court in favour of the Constitutional Court's #AgeLimit ruling.
To control their environments.
Maitum is the eldest son to former President Dr. Apollo Milton Obote, the founder of Uganda People's Congress party, and an elder brother to Jimmy Akena, the Lira Municipality Member of Parliament and UPC party president.
Today, we are talking about video vixens.
Pour the balsamic vinaigrette over everything, and toss lightly to coat.
In 2014, fatal accidents constituted 41.
So sad indeed .
Safe motherhood through child spacing is motivated by the knowledge that family planning helps women achieve their human rights to health, education, autonomy, and personal decision making about the number and timing of their childbearing.
An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Get the details in Saturday Vision.
The ministry of health has always been a backward ministry.
On the other hand, Justice Eldad Mwangusya disagrees with the ruling, accepts petitioners’ prayer for nullification.
He is alleged to have committed the offence during a radio program when he appeared on a local FM station talk show in Kampala in 2005.
Uganda, DRC strike new deal on oil.
Retired Supreme Court Justice, Joseph Nyamihana Mulenga has died.
Hahaha I read it "I can't imagine staying with #frogs, I waited for logged water to disappear but it has continued to flood, I built my house when it was totally dry" Nowonder #Bwaise the city of #Niggas.
"I'Ll be back," President says of Kenya.
She has 60 days to pay the money.
Stephen Lawoko, has breathed his last.
Gambian security forces went door-to-door in the capital Banjul on Friday in search of participants in a failed coup against the west African country's strongman President Yahya Jammeh.
Imperial Royale Hotel has refunded sh76m that was allegedly fraudulently paid to it for a non-existent workshop organised by the works ministry early this year.
🗳 Independent candidates should be struck out in the coming polls, opposition political parties have recommended.
Grab a free copy in New Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Besigye was only FORMER Party Presidential flag bearer.
The Spaniard was sent off in Saturday's London derby but the FA have decided against punishment for an off-the-ball incident.
Chief Justice condemns torture of suspects .
See yourselves as champions because the Lord is on your side.
Nswanjere Junior Seminary marks 50 years today, Saturday.
They sold out our for fathers.
The New Vision is with Onyango Victor and Kabyetsiza James.
Already taken jobs being advertised.
The mini reshuffle announced has had some officers transferred and appointed to new positions.
I am now Golola Moses of East Africa.
Kenyans must come together.
A medical expert on HIV/AIDS who preferred anonymity explained that when someone tests positive, it is important to find out the genotype of the virus he or she.
Provisional results from Hoima Municipality with counting about to end.
A woman who was attacked with acid along the Northern Bypass has died.
President Pierre Nkurunziza of Burundi in Parliament for the swearing in of the commission on Human rights.
It’S quite challenging to predict what sort of Cranes will show up at the Africa Nations Cup finals.
Godfrey Kazinda the former Principle Accountant in the office if the Prime Minister has been remanded to Luzira Prison for allegedly causing financial loss of up to shs.
Tens have been arrested already.
Like Kapo, you can get all the information you need on filing returns by simply calling the customer care number.
I love you angel and always will.
Buhweju Is My Matherland.
Residents of Kibaale district will not live settled lives yet even after the deadly Ebola virus was last week declared contained in the area.
Why does the government get surprised when the thieves they groom start stealing?
Dr. James Olowo the hospital superintendent Kagadi hospital told the New Vision that 24 victims were rushed to the hospital on Mondayevening with broken arms, legs and head injuries with others.
However, when we started working from home during this COVID-19 lockdown, things have gotten worse.
Armed gunmen stormed Kenya's Garissa University early on Thursday.
#Entertainment: Jhené Aiko and John Legend performed "You and I (Nobody in the World)" and "The Worst".
Hahahaha you really have beef for the guy!
5KM FLYOVER WORK STARTS.
I tried to settle and then I had to break away because I wanted to win this medal".
The price tag was sh35,000.
<P>The new executive anticipate assuming office in August but Anek says it could be November, a disparity that could lead to a dispute.
India and Slovakia had 4 people on board each, Austrian, Russia and Sweden had 3 people on board each, Spain, Israel, Morocco and Poland had 2 people on board each.
Wilson Bugembe has said that he will not succumb to public pressure to get married.
“I thank Pope Francis for appointing Bishop Kirabo to Hoima Diocese.
A cab driver lived to see another day after contractors who had been hired to kill him instead whisked their boss to police.
The New Vision is with Heinz Leibermann Uh and 4 others.
The New Vision is with Ken Tumwine.
Do you know how to use the Augmented Reality (AR) in the Newvision Digital Experience?
It means women would openly rival each other to attract the priest if not yet married.
Detailed story in the paper.
did he shoot him with stones.
Let them play since they love publicity!
"It will help align your head properly, which helps reduce neck strain," Michael Mejia.
Children are growing up in a world of cool technological gadgets: Computers, tablets and the likes.
Jack is Back:-24 the Series returns this MAY and finds the fugitive Jack in London.
So what was he saying or how as he looking like when parents were mourning, crying and the pain that comes along.
Eu chief Ursula von der Leyen on Thursday published a back-up plan to protect road and air travel and fishing rights if Britain leaves the union without a trade deal.
There is a lot of credibility in this.
Meanwhile is the police investigating itself for employing and promoting officers with forged academic qualifications?
He cannot sustain a spoken line despite his spirit being much willing to.
South AFRICA, QUNU : The ex-wife of Nelson Mandela, Winnie Mandela Madikizela (L), and the widow of Nelson Mandela, Graca Machel (C), stand by the coffin of South African former president Nelson Mandela during his funeral ceremony in Qunu on December 15, 2013.
By Anne Mugisa and Angella NalumansiDEMOCRATIC Party (DP) members have asked court to nullify the election of Norbert Mao as party president and to dismiss his new executive.
A workout buddy is hugely helpful for keeping motivated, but it's important to find someone who will inspire—not discourage.
Belgium'S Youri Tielemans could become a household name at Euro 2020.
Allegations of corruption and mismanagement have rocked the organisation in recent years.
Apuuli said the land titles were ready, but the Government fears that when it avails the titles to the victims, many will sell off the land and flee to other areas.
The New Vision is with John Nyagwisi and Musoke Martin.
On whether he admires Nelson Mandela for retiring after one term, Museveni said: "By the time Mandela came out jail he was older than me.
Take charge of my life.
Details in the New Vision- https://vpg.
Or may be they are still testing the man of God!
In their annual letter released Thursday, the couple laid out their upbeat vision for a technology-driven wave of change that will lift hundreds of millions out of poverty by 2030.
Three Russians have been jailed for up to two years by a French court for their role in clashes that took place in Marseille during the Euro 2016 football tournament in France, AFP reports.
You never know what might happen.
The Court of appeal has today nullified the election of Nasser Basajjabalaba (NRM) as Ishaka Municipality MP on grounds that the exercise was marred with massive voters’ bribery among other irregularities.
Ceasar Okhuti puts Uganda cranes in the lead.
President Yoweri Museveni opening Wandegeya Market today upon successful completion of construction.
Where will the money to provide food come from?
Paddy Ankunda has said.
Be the first to grab a copy of the Saturday Vision.
Lt Col James Nuwagaba with Lt Col Dick Kirya Kaija |.
Sahil’S kindness, love of film and respect for Twinkle’s art soon have her falling hard.
I wonder who advisors our leaders that they can't even have basic legal solution to a simple problem.
On which basis did they use to derive the10%.
When I met my wife, I was living with my sister and mother.
Mtn Uganda donates sanitary pads to women who are held up in mandatory #COVID19 isolation centres through the Ministry of Health- Uganda as the country continues to fight the spread of the deadly coronavirus.
Mtn Uganda has threatened to terminate its inter-connection agreement with Uganda telecom (UTL) over sh20b a debt.
President Museveni says that while there may be some corruption among NRM members, the problem is widely spread and is worse in the opposition.
"Only the NRM party chairman (Museveni) in consultation with Secretary General has the mandate to convene delegates' coneference," he said.
That'S luck of understand because how can a priest baptise a man on bed waiting to die and leave the two people want to be married.
The Assistant Director of Public Prosecutions, Joan Kagezi, who has been the lead prosecutor in the July 2010 terror suspects trial case, has been assassinated, police say.
Some of you have already secured a Christmas tree; others are planning to - hurry!
Take advantage by giving all that extra time to your little one.
The first and last right answer by 2pm Thursday 2nd January will win a hamper.
As usual New Vision belittles other candidates in favor of their boss!
The New Vision added 9 new photos — with Marieyah Heights and 5 others.
2 months and ur get worried?
And that comes through the baptizm in Jesus name and by the infilling of the Holy Ghost which is Gods doing and design not mans.
The New Vision is with Musoke Absolom and Sserwano Wannyama Godfrey.
When your child tells you about such things, she is coming to you as her security; her protector.
Find out where the land is located only in the New Vision #EPAPER: http://is.
According to the itinerary for the Ethiopian Airlines chartered plane, departure will be 5.
I wish M7 brings it to Ug again.
At the hour of lunch, according to a neighbour Rose Nakato, her child who had been playing with the deceased returned home to eat.
They need our prayers.
Much as he has publicly declared his HIV status, Muyiyi says it has not been easy, especially with the stigma that at times arises after one has disclosed one’s sero status.
Do you know which 'fats' are good for your health?
The statement further read: "This means that Father Anthony Musaala is suspended from celebrating sacraments and sacramentals, from the powers of governance in accordance to the law of the Church Can.
Tumwesigye said that he is not on the run as some people and media houses are claiming because he is ignorant about the drugs that the singer was arrested with at Narita International airport in Tokyo, Japan on May 3.
You all need to be sacked.
The power struggle between the Kampala Mayor, Erias Lukwago & KCCA exec.
Contact him for more details.
I'd call it a very smart work of literary fiction that exposes how very thin the layer of good luck is that keeps most of us from falling into the abyss.
Which year was that and can you describe your time at the school?
Thank u Soo much am a parent of a kindergarten child.
Motoring: Making use of your old car parts-https://vpg.
The American leader has been locked in a bitter spat with Beijing, alleging it covered up the initial outbreak in central China late last year.
Rimula Rhinos Rugby Club have signed Kobs' Scot Oluoch on a one year contract.
Special sitting of Parliament pays tribute to the fallen legislator Joy Arinaitwe Kariisa.
Why setting goals as a family is important?
The defence minister Adolf Mwesige has said the fire that gutted the palace of the Omusinga of Rwenzururu (cultural leader/king) is suspected to have been caused by an arsonist.
The project is being implemented by Energo Projekt, a Serbian firm, which was contracted by the Uganda National Roads Authority (UNRA) in a contract that was not open to bidding.
Ugandan exporters have failed to meet the minimum set standards for horticulture produce especially fruits, flowers and vegetables.
Following the collapse of buildings in the city, the city political leadership working with KCCA technical staff has decided to inspect all building sites.
The parents, during a meeting presided over by the chairman of the Parents and Teachers Association, Israel Ssekintu, at the school said prayers had not helped to chase away the demons and that the situation was getting out of control.
Angry crowd have taken to the street in Beni after killings.
Follow live updates here👉🏽 https://t.
According to the Electoral Commission programme, Mayambala was expected to hold a rally in Nebbi district.
What'S your analysis of the game so far?
We the People need peace.
What if he breaks my heart and I have no fall back position?
He is pictured below during his campaigns in Iganga in Busoga region, where he promised to construct a public university in the district to improve education standards.
Married women in Amudat district are seeking family planning services to control unwanted pregnancies since most men among the Pokot are polygamous.
I'M worried where it's passing cz of corruption!
must pay China back the money .
The President promised the tractors during the poverty eradication tours across the country since last year.
Nagenda takes a swipe on Trump on child separation policy.
IT HAPPENED AT LWERA YESTERDAY.
Xfm reserves right of admission to contest.
Enda Kenny told the Irish parliament last week that he believed Trump had made "racist and dangerous" comments during his campaign to secure the Republican nomination and later said there were no plans in place to meet him.
How will I go by the circumference?
Some civil servants have complained of getting paid less than what they expected, while others had their names missing from the payroll.
This money is will be funding youth groups.
What do you@ new vision?
Burundi Police shutdown traffic in city center to train from for an hour in Bujumbura in show of force.
African Union (AU) member states have been told to work towards allocating significant budgets to feeding in schools.
“I have contempt for those who are peddling lies that NRM killed Hon.
Those aspiring for KCCA deputy speaker include Doreen Sabuka and Alice Amongi .
15 Truly I tell you, anyone who will not receive the kingdom of God like a little child will never enter it”.
Experts say as a parent, you should be keen on inspiring and encouraging any behavior that is creative.
Police is hunting for unknown assailants who shot dead a mobile money dealer of Yesu Amala village, Nansana town, Wakiso district.
It could be any day.
A lot of fake programs in the country is countless these days.
Who rocked it most?
However, the fate of Pius Bigirimana, the Permanent Secretary in the OPM, has proved to be polarizing as the Executive and Parliament spar over what to do with him.
The New Vision is with Joel Okello Onesmas at At Kololo airstrip in Kampala.
The drama that has residents of Bulenga gripped with intrigue, unfolded last Friday when Moses Lubega, 15, under the spell of his late father's spirit, led police detectives to a spot on Kasirye's farm where his remains were buried 15 years ago.
Buh everything done in Uganda is borrowed money, where's de taxes collected going banangee!
The New Vision is with Busuulwa Peter Kyewalyanga and 4 others.
Amama Mbabazi's petion alos pins Museveni on use of derogatory language, a claim the first respondent denies.
The New Vision is with Kemigisha Savious.
The state minister for environment, Beatrice Anywar, wants the finance ministry to release funds to open the boundaries of Bugoma forest to save it from encroachers.
Efforts to rehabilitate patients at the mental hospital are being hampered by a thriving underground drug trade.
Because after Sunday, the day when those still in the running and the evicted ones will come together in a farewell sing-off, it will entirely be up to each individual to use their singing skills to go to the next level.
The veteran Advocate was born on 22 February 1941 and died on December 13, 2013.
The New Vision is with Karema Sowed Hassan.
Get a copy in tomorrow's New Vision or our #EPAPER 👉 https://epapers.
President Uhuru Kenyatta has told former Prime Minister Raila Odinga to join him in solving the land problem in the country or shut up.
Three former bosses of ISO have been sentenced to seven years in jail for stealing sh4.
Government will soon table the Witness Protection Bill in Parliament, the director of Public Prosecution (DPP), has said.
We have more profiles of UACE stars.
Here are some of the top stories you should not miss in today's New Vision.
You may have been dumped or jilted, but that doesn't necessarily mean that you are unworthy.
Lwanga said after the introduction ceremony most Christians do not follow through with the church wedding.
According to the United Nations, the LRA led by violent warlord Joseph Kony has killed more than 100,000 people and kidnapped more than 60,000 children in almost three decades in central Africa.
Sheikh Mustafa Bahiga had been living in fear for his life after fallout from the controversial William Street Mosque where a faction had appointed him the Kampala District Amir of the Jamiyati Dawa Asarafia, a Muslim Tabliq faction.
When does this begin?
League Champions Vipers Sports Club may lose some of their players at the end of the season-http://bit.
Morning all teamzaake members today it's the final ruling of the 4 rebel mp case I call upon all of you to come at the Supreme Court just near Kololo airstrip @7:30am lets be there.
The New Vision is with Moses Nathan Muhangi and 5 others.
AM HAVING #45,200 AIRTIME START GETTIN UR AWOOF AIRTIME CREDIT 2 CALL ANY NETWORK.
She cooks and washes for him, cleans his bedroom and makes small talk with him – just the two of them in the house.
Wish this government could take your advice.
The best voter importers complaining.
Filmmaker Kobe Bryant is the winner of the Best Animated Short Film award for 'Dear Basketball'.
#Yiiyassente2 business forum is back @ FREEDOM CITY ebbs rd this satuday 13th set 2014 starting at 10am.
Why the gold award ceremony delayed.
Get a copy for details.
Who ever knew in mid Jan that by now Arua would be at 18° from the 38° in Jan.
Multiple landslides / floods also occurred in the following subcounties of Sironko District; Bukise , Bumasifwa, Masaba, Bumalimba and Budadiri Town Council without deaths and injuries as most people in the affected areas had shifted earlier to safer locations.
Wanted terrorist sneaks through Entebbe, immigration officials arrested.
Read his story in Pakasa tomorrow.
Where's their wielding workshop found?
How will he avoid this?
Today, Stanley Mpamize owns Trinity Schools which comprise of Trinity Kindergarten and Day Care, Trinity Primary School (both in Bukoto, Kampala) and Trinity Senior Academy in Bwebajja along Entebbe Road with seed capital from teaching.
The US is negotiating a plan with Australia to rotate long-range bombers and tankers, including the nuclear-capable B-1 bomber.
We target the youths; both graduates, the none educated, MSEs or any start up, This year we have shs 19bn to give out to the youth.
#Breakingnews: JUSTICE Bart Katureebe is #Uganda's new Chief Justice.
The New Vision is with Stephen Kirwa and 15 others.
America created the Taliban to frustrate the Russians in Afaganistan in the 1980s ,now they cant fix it.
Let the man of God forgive the suspect,what's wrong with that?
Do you want to win wonderful prizes?
‘You ask a Policeman to investigate a case of billions of shillings, yet you pay him peanuts.
Get the details of voting, security, arrests and the winner in New Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Eddy Kenzo Finally Records Music With Wizkid.
Renowned American gospel artiste, Kathy Troccoli touched down at Entebbe today ahead of the highly anticipated three-day Phaneroo fellowship first anniversary celebrations starting tomorrow 13 August.
The victims traveled back from Dubai in the UAE aboard Emirates and Ethiopian Airlines.
In early 2018, President Yoweri Museveni wrote to the UN secretary general, Antonio Guterres, protesting the planned move to relocate the centre to Kenya's capital Nairobi.
Knowledge not mere faith.
Check out & Like Pakasa Vision for more.
Three Police officers have been arrested over the murder of a woman known as Merinah Tumukunde and her friend.
Uganda Cranes Vs Togo match kicks off in Togo.
Security has been tightened ahead of nominations for Presidential candidates starting today from 10:00am-2pm.
The hosts have only one goal to show for all their dominance in the opening half.
Authorities also said they do not think the young #Iranian has terrorist links and have disputed reports that five passengers did not board the plane.
How much worse can matters get for them?
The child has to be a white for us Africans to understand?
Men and women may not always be on the same footing but you would think both sexes would be equal in the face of gigantic floods, typhoons or droughts.
The suspect, identified as Lexis Luganda, alias King’s star is a 26-year-old who hails from Mabirizi village in Masaka.
The IGG's investigation into the mismanagement of the Microfinance Support Centre (MSC) has revealed that board chairperson Dr. Specioza Wandira Kazibwe earned a daily allowance of sh500,000 even when she was not on official duty http://see.
Will the use of suggestion boxes ensure fair representation of the people’s views?
Banange,Some of us have been using MTN network services for 20 years.
Francis Kamulegeya, the country senior partner at PwC Uganda, will hand over office by June 2022 after asking for early retirement.
Nssf has won the long standing Alcon case.
Uganda is one of the countries in East Africa that attract the most Foreign Direct Investment (FDI), according to United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) 2019 World Investment Report.
Lord Verjee, a Member of Parliament in the UK House of Lords, is a highly-respected British businessman with an estimated net worth of £125m (sh541b) as of 2013.
Uganda Red Cross Society (URCS) wants Uganda to enact a “Good Samaritain Law” to provide legal immunity for people who sometimes find themselves in trouble with the law after rescuing victims of tragedies.
Up to 60 are feared dead.
Katikkiro Charles Peter Mayiga fundraising drive for the reconstruction of Kasubi Tombs, at City Abattoir (Lufula) along Port bell Road, Kampala, 10 June2014.
“You have done a good job in Uganda.
ug/ @ElectionsUG has been off all night.
He z fresh and blood.
She regularly sends him money for his upkeep and rent.
The #HollandVillage houses stalls of several Vision Group #BestFarmersAwards winners over the years.
For a digital copy Click;.
The New Vision is with Josephat Momanyi Mobagi.
Thirty insurgents in Somalia's Al-Qaeda-aligned Al Shabab jihadist group were killed Wednesday in heavy clashes in the south and northeast of the country, Kenya's armed forces and local authorities said separately.
Nema stops Kakande's Masaka rice project, details in the New Vision.
Later Onyango saved a penalty.
In the suit, Barigye said he is the king of .
The floodgates are open - surely!
Huge quantities of plastic have piled up on land and been dumped in the sea across the world, with Asian nations in particular facing criticism for failing to tackle.
The New Vision is with Moses Wani Mali.
A number of people are still believed to be under hostage by the militants.
5b The Anti-Corruption Court judge, Margaret Tibulya, also ordered Kasango to pay sh5b to the Government.
The New Vision is with Grace Kabiito and 2 others.
Parliament has rejected a recommendation by the committee on gender that government allocates money to fund all recognised traditional institutions.
The hosts of tonight's game are third on the table - but they need to watch their backs.
Museveni expected to unveil foundation stone for Uganda West Nile@100 monument at Gilgil 2km West of Arua and 2km from Uganda DRC boarder.
<P><Em>"The children at home are asking where their father is," says Lydia Namatta.
Update: Malawi is expected to send buses to South Africa on Sunday for all those who want to leave the country over ongoing xenophobic attacks on foreign nationals.
Am even taking beer on credit.
Do you know your district could be having the highest crime rates in the country?
Ask yourself what you do with the time from after 5pm!
The #M23 rebels in eastern Democratic Republic of #Congo "must disarm", UN special envoy Mary Robinson said Monday during a visit to the conflict-torn area as Congolese troops readied to seize a rebel stronghold.
We praise the Lord for this.
Now fikaSalama will be to feed hungry poor traffic police officers who will fordge any kind of case for drivers.
The New Vision is with Obira Jolly Joe.
•The conference will bring together leading parliamentarians from Commonwealth countries to discuss global political issues and developments.
Critics accuse Mr dos Santos of mismanaging Angola's oil wealth and making an elite, mainly his family and political allies, vastly rich.
And that explains why he has committed his life to giving to this family and no one (at least not a manager) can get in his way.
Check out & like Pakasa Vision to make business sense of Mandela’s quotes.
It will finish no 1 undoubtedly.
#London: Blood from a rare group of children from Tanzania, found to be naturally immune to malaria has now helped scientists take a giant leap in developing a vaccine against the world's deadliest vector borne disease — #malaria.
Former Forum for Democratic Change party president Kizza Besigye has warned opposition politicians against sidelining people’s interests if they want to get into power.
For 5 billion i hope they come with free wifi.
Marcus Rashford helped the side bounce back from Europa League disappointment in perfect fashion, as his goal downed Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
MP Peter Sematimba, one of the candidates, is expecting his results too.
The New Vision added 6 new photos — at Kyambogo University.
Six #Iranians arrested for filming themselves dancing to Pharrell Williams' hit Happy have been released on bail, according to reports.
Photo by Bakka Fred.
Unfortunately, M7 is so poor in economics😂😂.
5 million vehicles worldwide over a power window glitch that presented a fire risk, the latest in a string of such moves by the Japanese auto giant.
The minister of science, technology and innovation Elioda Tumwesigye has been dragged to court over what has been described as illegal nomination in accordance to National Resistance Movement (NRM) electoral laws-http://bit.
In a letter sent to the council president, the EU called for the UN's top rights body to swiftly address the deteriorating situation in Ethiopia, where 13 months of conflict has left thousands dead and triggered a dire humanitarian crisis.
Pupils in 91 districts cannot read English.
President Yoweri Museveni and wife Janet Museveni will tomorrow (Friday) publicly test for HIV along with key Ugandan leaders.
After a six year break, the Ascot Goat Races, arguably the biggest even Uganda's social calendar, are back.
Add we had an anti corruption walk recently?
Eyewitnesses told SaharaReporters that a petrol tanker discharging gasoline exploded at the Conoil gas station opposite the NNOC building in Abuja.
News of a likely hike in the benchmark Central Bank Rate (CBR) on Thursday has seen the shilling stronger from 3,680/90 in the previous week.
Find out what it entails and how you will be affected.
As they mark t on friday, they shud kno dat the increasingly food insecurity z due 2 limited research, increasing land degradation, increased popn, 2 mention bt few.
Have youth presented themselves as a channel for electoral violence?
The Speaker of Parliament Rebecca Kadaga has said she will remain “steadfast” in maintaining and sustaining the independence of Parliament and avoid interference by the Executive.
3 percent of the vote compared to her 35.
That USA is leading.
😷🌍 Health minister Jane Ruth Aceng says unvaccinated people are at a high risk of getting infected with the rapidly-spreading #Omicron variant.
The Kampala Sun is right here for you 👉🏽.
the almigh God wil help us.
Israel and USA are one.
New Vision TV offers analyzed news content on trending stories in Uganda, be it politics.
One thing I ask of the LORD, this is what I seek: that I may dwell in the house of the LORD all the days of my life, to gaze upon the beauty of the LORD and to seek him in his temple.
Whether Sserunjogi or Kwizera wins in a race where 62 teams are eligible to vote, basketball needs a selfless servant to take off.
His brutal rebellion that included con­scription of child soldiers, massacres, deadly raids on villages and amputation of civilians devastated the north.
The New Vision is with Kamoga Dowson Derrick and 6 others.
ug, on inbox us on our social media pages.
The Somali National Army with the support of the Africa Union Mission in Somali (AMISOM) troops captured the town of Jawhar, 90km northwest of Mogadishu.
"The official number of the dead has reached 30 people -- all of them civilians -- and 61 others have been wounded, 15 of them seriously," Abdurashid Abdulahi, governor of Bay region, told AFP.
Girls please let us abstain to avoid problems these men just use us all the time and dump us let us learn that all they do is jst take advantage of us and at the end of the day we are in trouble.
Dear Heavenly Father, thank You for this day.
Surrounding yourself with positive people has actually been proven to increase your life expectancy!
Kenya - An man rides a bicycle & a trailer with messages reading "welcome Kenya Obama" in Nairobi.
Ugandans raised mixed reactions about the police chief’s delivery so far.
The Vice President; Kiwanuka  Sekandi was the chief guest at the function attended by World Bank Vice President for Africa; Makhtar Diop, Country Director Ahmadou Moustapha Ndiaye and the Finance minister; Maria Kiwanuka.
Each of us has a vision of good and of evil.
That'S the sickness of ur government .
What’S the army doing on our streets.
After retiring as bishop in 1999, Bamwoze is currently living a humble life in Nakakabala village, Kamuli district.
It’s best to stay away from the conversation altogether.
From his detailed message, the newly-installed Archbishop of Uganda has called for a God-fearing, educated and healthy nation, among several other sticking points.
The opposition wants ministers not to exceed 42, RDCs and presidential advisors downsized, and the creation of a separate ministry of planning from ministry of Finance.
Ugandan ''Golden Boy'' Stephen Kiprotich is weary.
The New Vision is with Aliga Jimmy.
East west home is best.
In those fleeting years, do your best to help them grow up to be good people.
The button, which will appear at the top of user news feeds, will enable an easy donation to groups such as International Medical Corps, the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies and Save the Children.
Jobs are there but we know who is occupying them!
On Tuesday afternoon at the Airtel Towers, Kampala, the competition’s organisers revealed judges tasked with handling the hopefuls bidding to win a sh100m jackpot and a chance to spend two weeks recording with African-American R&B star Akon.
The defence minister called on all parties to comply with Arusha peace agreement and the national constitution.
Are fathers the ultimate men in people's lives?
Wim Distelmans, head of the euthanasia commission, gave no details of the minor involved beyond saying it was an exceptional case of a child with a terminal illness, the Het Nieuwsblad newspaper reported.
E he flies Allitalia to UG as well.
#Wuliraeddoboozi: Muyigirize Amawanga gonna.
Ugandans ar known 2 be gud planners bt poor implementors.
Get a free copy in the New Vision for details #EPAPER- https://epaper.
I am seeing it for the first time.
The Barclays Premier League as it stands at the end of today.
Grab your copy 👉#EPAPER: https://is.
Why would a langi like me celebrate.
Another #kiprotichprize drive has been initiated by Vision Group and so far sh140million has been raised since Saturday night.
Join the discussion and find guidance from experts from URSB in how you can protect your designs if not yet published.
Come and join the most popular betting community and sports show in Uganda.
"I care about football, so what I'm seeing regarding the image of FIFA -- not only now but in the past years -- I don't like it," the 42-year-old said in an interview broadcast by CNN.
No chance of misfiring.
The pilgrimage on Thursday (June 25, 2020) was unfortunately held in a low key and in a scientific manner, because of the threat of the Covid-19 pandemic.
Bride and Groom Expo is on From Friday!
Hey, UK is not even among the first ten most developed countries in the world, do your research.
The New Vision is with Angel Sent and Princess Sànyumaleen.
Stephen Kiprotich comes 2nd.
Vaccination is good but shouldn't be mandatory!
Close to 600 patients Tuesday thronged Kisenyi Health Centre IV for free medical services offered Police Presidential Guards (PPG).
The barclays premier league table as it stands before this weekends games.
Kiprotich kneels to Thank God.
Kataike had represented Gen.
You take your time, and will think carefully before taking the slightest decision.
Three people including a five-year-old boy have died after their boat capsized on Lake Bisina on Monday evening in the eastern district of Katakwi, a pastor says.
Did you know that brokers are fueling land grabbing in the country?
Bodies are starting to show up.
The New Vision is with Hakim Emmanuel Lo Aje and 17 others.
The Police have officially abandoned the enforcement of speed governors on passenger service vehicles, the head of traffic in Uganda has said.
Kadaga noted that the practice leaves out qualified persons, who would qualify for jobs and favors the less unqualified.
The Cranimer Mugerwa Award, given in memory of the brave New Vision photojournalist Cranimer Mugerwa who died in March 2001, is back!
Buy yourself a copy.
Thirty three years ago, the New Vision was born.
In 2014, music star Jose Chameleone introduced his son Abba to music.
We had our anniversary the other week; we both work shifts and had the weekend off together, but we didn’t do anything.
#Taxicrimes: Ogwalos' #Baby #kidnapped in #taxi.
Global oil prices hit multi-month peaks Friday on the back of the struggling US dollar and increasing geopolitical turmoil in the crude-rich Middle East, dealers said.
She is not a Komuntale anymore.
The other side of life.
The Government has secured a sh500b loan to fully develop the Kampala Industrial Business Park (KIBP) at Namanve.
SUNDAY VISION's Goodluck Musinguzi had a chat him about his vision for the Democratic Republic of Congo.
The LDU commandos won't be a joking subject.
This will cost the Government over sh1b.
But you’re opening them on the 10th, what is the difference between now and then Covid wise?
"🇺🇬#Uganda is committed to a peaceful and friendly co-existence with 🇷🇼#Rwanda," says foreign affairs minister Sam Kutesa in #Kigali.
#Lifehack: If you are running low on battery, put your phone in airplane mode, it will charge faster.
The New Vision is with Robinson Nono Onek.
Than hiding behind mental issues.
How do you not know that?
The study, by researchers at the Department of Plastic Surgery at Case Western Reserve University, looked at 79 sets of twins between the ages of 18 and 78 at the annual August gathering of twins in Twinsburg, Ohio.
South Africa's sports minister accused the IAAF on Thursday of seeking to violate women's bodies as she visited Switzerland to back Caster Semenya's fight against proposals to restrict female athletes' testosterone levels.
Ugandans to reap big from the Commonwealth conference.
The suspension comes a few weeks after the reappointment of Peter Ssebanakitta as the authority’s chief executive director despite the board’s recommendation that the contract should not be renewed.
President Museveni: These people can be my witnesses, before NRM, DP was for catholics, UPC was for Protestants, KY was for Baganda, eng other political groups which divided people, and now I hear this TDA claims to be an alliance of Union, that is an NRM ideology.
In HEALTH &BEAUTY: NEW HOPE FOR PEOPLE WITH SICKLE CELL DISEASE.
Olympic Gold Medalist Stephen Kiprotich set to receive his massive cash reward from Vision Group at 5PM.
City tycoon Godfrey Kirumira has been held by Police this morning over alleged fraud.
Will bujingo be there?
The New Vision is with Naphie Naafi Nafi and 2 others.
How much will each councilor get?
Speaker Kadaga said Gen.
Other countries like Kenya, Tanzania, South Africa and the United States of America among others, allow their citizens to vote from anywhere during elections, something Uganda needs to emulate.
While you are consciously or unconsciously hounding bars, churches and/or Facebook and WhatsApp trying to find a man; you keep running into your exes.
Members of Parliament have revived a discussion about the taxation of idle land in the country.
Dont miss your copy of the New Vision here-https://vpg.
Nokia is much better.
Barya to scan them using anti-ghosts software.
said President Yoweri Museveni.
#Urbanupdates: Results from 2,526 samples tested on 16 June 2020 confirm 8 new COVID-19 cases in Uganda.
Cmi SUMMONS KAYIHURA'S BODY GUARDS.
Something as simple as a daily brisk walk can help you live a healthier life.
Ucc TO SWITCH OFF FAKE PHONES .
Today, he is a big entrepreneur in agro-processing.
Get a free copy inside the Sunday Vision-http://bit.
2 Do not be quick with your mouth, do not be hasty in your heart to utter anything before God.
Nomination of candidates for 2021 local government councils' elections starts tomorrow (Monday September 21, 2020) until October 1, the Electoral Commission (EC) said.
I have failed to find a website for this organisation that is supposed to be looking after all these water resources aspects in uganda.
It has so far attracted three aspirants.
“Mix a tablespoon of coconut oil to honey and massage the mixture into your scalp, cover with a plastic cap for 15 minutes and rinse out then continue with your hair treatment.
In your name, we pray.
Pope Francis on Thursday condemned killing in God''s name but warned religion could not be insulted.
Africa can be fun.
The New Vision added 22 new photos — in Kampala, Uganda.
We love each other deeply and there was no major challenge in the relationship until recently.
The remaining 70% plus that 30% = 100% boda boda riders who abuse traffic regulations.
I have travelled to many African countries for adventure, but I have never been this close to a gorilla,” said Raul de Molina, the Emmy award winning TV show host with Univision network in the US.
Iran deputy health minister tests positive for #CoronaVirus.
Field Marshall Idi Amin used to visit the barracks regularly.
U say "Top 10 bottle necks in today's updates".
A two-day heavy downpour has left one person dead and two missing in Mbale district.
The government has seven new faces including Essam al-Marzouk who was named minister of oil, electricity and water.
He was well educated bufoon who had no courage to speak out about the most important issues affecting the ordinary Ugandan.
Trouble for Boko Haram terrorists.
Here is everything you need to know about the deadly virus.
Read our e-paper: https://t.
Doesn't mean if you're a Ugandan you should job from Uganda try other countries too.
Some women esp those in SME's dont even get maternity leave.
In the hastily arranged party leadership ballot, Mr Abbott, who had been plagued by poor opinion polls, received 44 votes to Mr Turnbull's 54.
Eagles production has stayed for many yrs its time to renew or reform to a new group.
The New Vision is with Simon Peter Alengai Koluwo.
Kampala Metropolitan Police spokesman, Patrick Onyango confirmed that the Police Standards Unit (PSU) had been investigating Mwesigye in connection to the theft of USD2700 (about sh7m), a camera and a laptop from a Kampala businessman who had been in police custody.
The government used the suffering of Northern Uganda to get money and even other districts.
In addition, the fact that their data is hidden, "even in this IT era" shows that we cdan never really be sure ifd they are collecting the correct data or actually doing something!
But having a clear cut plan in place will help allay many of the worries that you have about pursuing your dream.
Kibi nyo nyo nyo eri e gwanga !
One person has been confirmed dead and dozens injured after the bus they were traveling in overturned.
Urban VIII (1623–1644): 20 years, 11 months and 24 days (7,664 days).
A total of 58 people lost their lives to accidents, during the Christmas festivities.
The New Vision is with Juma Wajox and 2 others.
Mulago hospital wants patients to pay.
Also a street sweeper has been critically wounded in the attack, reported AP.
Uganda has moved up in the latest FIFA rankings.
Stir in brown sugar and milk.
Muslims when they assume power.
I don't know really which schools some of our MPs attended!
Nyombi: "Government does not have any intention on the defense of Ongwen at the ICC.
His Excellency Mr Museveni.
The Uganda Police Force has acquired 25 brand new Toyota Land Cruisers (Prado) for top officers.
Karuma issue we were told is a done deal, what is he looking for there?
“We need to improve our performance if we are to win the title.
Three-Horse race among Mbabazi, Museveni, and Besigye yet in the photo you show the other 2 candidates except Besigye.
GAVI ghosts are haunting.
Luyimbazi has joined a list of top seven senior KCCA officials, who have been interdicted by Musisi, in less than three months, over graft claims.
For a first time and close to the end of his term!
This day is the only one and it will never come again.
Tributes poured in and flags were lowered to half-staff in honour of veteran US lawmaker and World War II hero Bob Dole, who died in his sleep on Sunday aged 98.
Avoid making loaded statements or using words as weapons.
Mbarara City, Wakiso played out a scintillating goalless draw at Kakyeka Stadium.
Indeed an answerable, if u ask yo self and fans at Large.
Good luck my beloved Uganda cranes .
The New Vision is with Bàbyface Ug.
Which is celebrated often on the 12th December is the most popular date from a list of many.
ly/3d9JfMx how these career women have balanced work at home.
Wilson Bugembe as he performs live his thrilling gospel songs at the #TwinsFestivalUg at Namboole stadium this Sunday.
Go hajji, go, we're behind u where need arises.
How I wish the province of church of Uganda had taken Keen interest to kumi diocese issues this one of the reasons y the fighting can never end here some pipo think they are in control because they have money but God is watching all the rot in church of Uganda.
Didas Nkurunziza, leading the team of lawyers representing the first respondent, Yoweri Museveni, started his submission his submission today by saying that former Prime Minister Amama Mbabazi's election petition lacks merit and that they "oppose it" and that court should dismiss it with costs.
Make us more deeply aware of our heritage; realizing not only our rights but also our duties and responsibilities as a citizen.
The New Vision is with Gilbert Bukenya.
Some say 15,Other say 20 now The New Vision is saying 15m anti kale.
It is sad that so many parents don't realize what messages they are sending.
It is 3-1 against #Burnley at the start of the second half at Old Trafford.
Four British plane spotters in Kenya have been ordered to pay £1,400 ($2,000) or face a year in jail for trespassing at an airport in Nairobi.
Meles Zenawi in Uganda.
In Sunday Vision, meet the bachelors who live with their housemaids.
They didn't know what kind of system is dealing with their case?
Get a copy and read the full statement.
How can you not be shameless to be in the company of children year in year out.
Thxz phllilps 4 the service rendered, i still recall the beatiful spell u had in the epl with birmingham some seasons ago.
Ahmed Mansour Karni had been listed as “wanted” by Egyptian police, accused of four murders, eight attempted murders and damaging state property.
He was however, shot in the leg by a prison warder.
Druggies, can neva win with them.
The website apologised to Eric Meyer who was reminded of the death of his six-year-old daughter when he saw pictures of her on the automatic post.
Prisons boss; Dr Byabashaija Announces Mandatory HIV Testing for Prison Warders.
Elias Schulze, managing partner of The Africa Group, a boutique Africa-focused investment consultancy, said U.S. takeout stores are rapidly becoming "aspirational brands" for cosmopolitan Africans with disposable income.
Cash-Strapped she cranes to conquer Africa.
Butemba County Member of Parliament Kamusiime Pentagon is proposing the introduction of suggestion boxes at Parliament to allow the electorates send their views on how Parliament should be run.
He was addressing officers at the police training school Kabalye in Masindi.
Where is my best singer Bobby wine these days.
3b, with external debt accounting for $8.
Combine 1/2 cup soy sauce, Italian dressing, and chicken wings in a large, zip-top bag.
sorry for her but her parents deserved it.
Involve children in establishing rules and regulations, schedules, and family activities.
What is your Prediction?
Ncs General secretary Jasper Aligawesa says nearly all sports bodies(federations and associations) have failed to comply to regulations that were set by both parties last year.
When the boy is standing while others a praying.
,do they contribute on making bajjets?
Global food commodity prices rose sharply in November to their highest level in nearly six years.
If no cases are diagnosed, the epidemic will officially end on April 12.
We have the story.
7 billion Muslims around the world, but if some thousand are doing some crime and taking name of Islam, they should not start malign the spirit of Islam without reading Islam, but should go against those people.
Nearly 100 Tory MPs on Tuesday voted against new coronavirus restrictions in the largest ever rebellion against Prime Minister Boris Johnson from within his own party as he battles to prevent the Omicron variant.
“We would like to place on record our sincere thanks to Brendan Rodgers for the significant contribution he has made to the club and express our gratitude for his hard work and commitment.
Here'S what some Fuzu users had to say.
People observe the photo above before you blame MILITARY ARRESTS BRING SUSPECTS TO POLICE WHAT DO EXPECT POLICE TO DO?
This was during the celebration to mark 135 years of the coming of the first Catholic missionaries to Uganda; at Kigungu landing site.
The New Vision is with Stuart Katega and Crispus Emmanuel Wanyama.
The trio was arrested as they addressed an illegal rally at Namayiba Bus terminal shortly before 1.
We are privileged to be having technical guidance from World Health Organization.
Download it now: https://linktr.
It isn't about anybody being alive, it is about finding out what caused the crush of the plane.
This is to commemorate the theme “A Child friendly, quality, free and compulsory education for all children in Uganda.
In an interview with New Vision, the artiste of the Kapapala fame opens up to his life.
For a digital copy, subscribe here;.
It is wise that we temporarily remove these concentration points by closing all the Primary and Secondary schools as well as all the Universities and Tertiary Institutions for one month Details 👉https://bit.
Kigongo, Kadaga, Kyaligonza elected unopposed.
Kitalo nyo kiyalo ddala dear HE Bobi.
What is the traffic situation where you are?
#Okulayizabaminista: Wakati mu kugoberera SOPs, Ba Minisita mu bitongole eby'enjawulo balayidde.
When she completed her S6, she came to my place and said she had fallen out with her parents.
In your SATURDAY Vision!
#Burundi: Army alongside protesters heading to City center as Police run away yesterday.
Friday 5000m final 7.
The New Vision added 2 new photos.
What is your view on this ?
Will he come back after sueing the church?
Find out who rocked at the decoration ceremony for the newly-promoted officers.
The New Vision added 9 new photos — with Kuteesa La Strange Kenneth.
You can steer yourself, any direction you choose".
President Donald Trump admits he tried to minimize the seriousness of the threat from Covid-19 at the outset of the pandemic in audio recordings released Wednesday from interviews with veteran US journalist Bob Woodward.
I bet these two will be way better than Mulondo & Ann.
You impose more tax on used clothes you deny them wear thats wat they aford they also love the new one .
No one ever likes going for a second hand stuff, its lack of capacity.
5b World Cup deal.
The world marked the first UN Social media day on Friday and CAROL NATUKUNDA looked at the impact of Facebook on our lives.
“Problems can become opportunities when the right people come together.
Get the details of the case in the New Vision.
The man of God says he has done his best and has no regrets.
President Kenyatta is also required to be present during sentencing hearings, the delivery of sentencing, the entirety of victim impact hearings, as well as reparation hearings.
Are men facing violence silently?
If anyone is in Christ, the new creation has come: The old has gone, the new is here!
Meanwhile, when I went along with the kids to the village for a ceremony, my grandmother looked at them critically and concluded that they are not mine because they’re missing some common family features.
She later reported herself to Lugazi Police Station following her act.
With schools set to re-open after a long break, it poses the question of how ready are we for school?
Uganda finances 70% of the national budget from locally generated revenues.
Due to lack of school fees, the 25-year-old had asked for a dead year to look for a job and raise money to pay for his studies.
I buy any quality dress or pair of shoes I want, even if it costs about sh500, 000 or more.
Fond of under aging.
The Vote was 36 YES, 2 NO and 1 ABSTAINED.
This is a goldmine here, a facility that will see many Ugandans get jobs and bananas added value to.
Access the #EPAPER 🗞️—.
Is that the best heading that you could give to it?
Too proud to ring the front doorbell, Persephone ran back to Ben’s car and was never seen alive by her family again.
Trump can not even remember what he said!
The New Vision is with Balijawa.
Us President Barack Obama and First lady Michelle Obama says Nancy Reagan redefined the role of first lady.
No value frm parlmt 4 ugda 2 devlp if 1 mp harvst a sum of 200 cival servants wil azazi get jobs?
Makerere University has received a $1.
Owners of the impounded vehicles were forced to sleep in their cars after the police refused to release them.
Districts are in a last-minute rush to utilise the funds allocated to them in this year’s budget for roads.
This is the nearest location to my duty post.
The month-long celebration will include untold stories about Independence, the country’s turning points over the years, interactive engagements with audiences over Independence issues and opportunities to share views on our nationalism.
Dogs are capable of understanding up to 250 words and gestures.
The presidential flag bearer of Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) Dr Kizza Besigye has said Prof Gilbert Bukenya's recent U-turn to support President Yoweri Museveni in next elections did not surprise him.
Athletics Schedules, Results, Medals, News, and Photos.
Developing countries requires more of vocational institutes than universities.
Kabaka Mwanga may not have been violent, but he was surely a strong leader.
Some of the measures may include fire extinguishers and emergency exits.
The two leaders also discussed US continuous support of Somalia to help create an environment in which the refugees would feel safe to return home.
Uganda Cranes will carry a two-goal advantage to Sudan in the return leg of the final round of the 2016 CHAN qualifiers.
You must know what you want and go for it at any cost,” she said.
Just sort out the talked about issue and prove the Kigali government wrong.
The rest of his body is paralysed.
My wife has failed to change.
Today, please keep the enemy at bay.
What'S with African dictators .
Kenya'S Disaster Operations tweeted that the " #Mpeketoni attack has been attributed to Al Shabaab.
"With 100 deutschmarks, you could fill up your shopping trolley.
He managed to hold onto her for ten minutes while emergency services arrived.
Let police publish account balance for all Government officials.
The death toll from the strongest typhoon to hit the Philippines this year has surpassed 200, as desperate survivors pleaded for urgent supplies of drinking water and food.
Uganda National Students Association Coordinator (left) James Batabare talks to Executive Secretary Mohammad Sserwadda (right) while Deputy Speaker Agnes Tushabe looks on, while appearing before the Parliamentary Committee on Education to contribute towards the Students Loan Scheme bill, at Parliament, September3, 2013.
High Court has suspended the hearing of criminal proceedings against the former coordinator of intelligence services, Gen.
It'S the radical defiance factor (not Besigye factor), which is dominant in the party.
An NRM member, Hamzah Kagimu has filed a petition in the Constitutional Court challenging the legality of several political processes in the NRM party.
Experts are warning that the army worm will return in August given the notice do you think government will be able to muster an adequate response?
Ground handling should be done by the Airline,ENHAS should go!
"We need to track the amnesty beneficiaries down.
About eight million tonnes of plastic waste are dumped into the world's oceans every year, the equivalent of one garbage truck of plastic being tipped into the sea.
Moussa Traore, who led Mali from 1968 until he was ousted in a coup in 1991, died at his home aged 83 in the capital Bamako on Tuesday.
I want taxis removed and buses brought, batumanyilila.
The New Vision is with Jibreel Shakur Tekkwor.
sum c'tries are targetin far a way higher dan dat.
She was found guilty of Aggravated human trafficking by the War Crimes section of the Court Anti-Corruption Court in Kololo today.
1% of the 1178 candidates also passing in First Grade.
He was addressing the 19th annual general meeting for the factory shareholders in Kanungu district last week.
An autopsy on the supposed remains of Burkina Faso's iconic former president Thomas Sankara showed he was "riddled with bullets" during a 1987 coup that brought longtime leader Blaise Compaore to power, lawyers said Tuesday.
This Wednesday, New Vision readers send their petitions to POPE FRANCIS.
Eating in the middle of the day, several hours after breakfast, re-energizes your body and can raise blood sugar levels when focus and concentration are flagging.
In you is all things in heaven and earth named.
Do you have a little child at home?
The plane & its occupants were warmly received by their hosts.
The chairman of the National Electoral Council (CNE), Tibisay Lucena, confirmed the new date -- see more at: https://goo.
The share capital of the Uganda People’s Defence Forces (UPDF) saving scheme has grown to sh79.
Those are mafias spreading propaganda.
Kilabe tofayo ur not the only one others are following u soon dont worry.
The Speaker of Parliament HonRebecca Kadaga has declined to grant army MP; Gen.
Leave enough space so that none of the sausages are touching.
Heat a pan on the stove.
Works and Transport minister Gen.
The New Vision is with Ndyabasa Eastone.
What is a tropical animal doing in Japan?
So what next for patients who need antibiotics coz it's very rear to to get a patient who does not require antibiotics!
The Minister of health Ruth Aceng has confirmed that Uganda has eight suspected cases of Ebola.
The study also revealed that Uganda holds the highest percentage of female business owners, with 38.
Government, police and security service MI5 have all warned that there will be terror attacks in Britain.
Father as we go about our businesses today, we speak increase and divine favour upon each individual Lord.
And there’s nothing wrong with that.
We need pple who wr on zero.
The IPC is comprised of FDC, DP and UPC.
The show was a listeners’ party on she released her second album, Choore.
Christmas in many Western societies is associated with Snow, Holly Plants, Santa, Rein Deer and many more, In many African Traditions its associated with FOOD.
By Arthur BagumaA 30-year-old love letter left by a dead Austrian woman, who succumbed to cancer in 2002, has helped her children trace their father�s village and relatives in Uganda.
The New Vision is with Ken Ethan and Joel Kibalama.
Long M7 with yr cabinet.
It gave me hope and lifted my spirit” — Mark Otile.
Find out why in the New Vision.
He is expected at #JKIA at 7pm where he will address the press".
The deputy Speaker, Jacob Oulanyah, made the disclosure during a meeting with a delegation of MPs from South Sudan at Parliament.
A blow to #Old_vision EU delegates pay a courtesey visit to the president of republic of Uganda to be Rtd Col Dr.Kiza Besigye!
A Kenyan MP has been shot dead by gunmen, along with two body guards and his driver, officials said.
The Premier described Odit as a tolerant politician who was open to divergent views although he was member of the opposition, Uganda People’s Congress (UPC).
The New Vision is with Lenjo Baba Twins and 3 others.
I love my wife, don't get me wrong, but there is another woman who I like.
Several schools to benefit from the project promoting literacy and better quality of education across the country.
The New Vision is with Mvuyekure Gad and Ďãńdý Phàŕouk Cazorla.
Kampala city is usually, a lively and demanding city.
Bt This Country Is 4 Ugandans Or Outsiders.
And New Vision yo showing us Police Boots!
The United States, the country hardest hit by the coronavirus pandemic, crossed 800,000 Covid-19 deaths on Tuesday.
The government is in the final stages of developing an oil spills contingency plan, which will introduce stringent guidelines for concerned oil companies.
This is nothing compared to what happens in Nigeria.
The vice president of the Alliance for a Green Revolution in Africa (AGRA), Dr. George Bigirwa, has said there is need to help smallholder farmers in the region to access markets to reduce poverty levels in the East African Community (EAC) member states.
This follows the Presidential guidance on scaling down Government agency operations to reduce social interaction to help stop the transmission of #COVID-19.
Life BUILDER SOLUTION TEMPLE.
Other neighbouring important venues are:Marina circuit hotel,IKEA,Yas Mall,OV 1.
Oil giant Shell is being sued in London for the second time in five years over spills in the Niger Delta.
Namiiro was referred to Kawolo Hospital, 22km away.
ug to get started.
Prophet Samuel Kakande of Synagogue church of all nations Uganda is embroiled in a land eviction row that is likely to leave about 150 people in Mpigi district homeless.
Yet these schools have increased fees.
Its first celebration was in the Spokane YMCA on June 19, 1910.
Shaban Bantariza opened an unofficial bank account in Stanbic Bank branch of Kiboga town that he reportedly used to acquire sh500m from the office of the president on behalf of National Leadership Institute (NALI), a prosecution witness has said.
This was after prosecution led by senior state attorney Emilly Ninsiima informed court presided over by the Buganda Road Court grade one magistrate Mary Kisakye Lukwago that investigations into the matter are complete.
Airtel money and Warid Pesa have already embraced the mobile-to-bank account service to provide banking convenience to millions of people.
Our panel of journalists reviews the week's biggest stories.
Cook 5 minutes, stirring constantly, or until thickened.
The Urban Authorities Association (UAAU) wants five municipalities to be upgraded to city status.
National Resistance Movement (NRM) presidential flag bearer, Yoweri Tibuhaburwa Kaguta Museveni, today starts his campaigns in Kigezi sub-region, sometimes known as 'The Switzerland of Africa'.
By Cyprian Musoke and Jude KafuumaTHE Forum for Democratic Change today elects the flag-bearer for next year�s presidential elections.
It is a curse to get wealth through corruption.
Since being born is by luck, I think he is right.
And a the poor man still parrots in support of the government.
A key suspect in the ongoing work permit fraud investigations at the Directorate of Citizenship and Immigration Control (DCIC) in the Ministry of Internal Affairs has reportedly gone missing.
We discuss safety in the New Vision, December 4th, 2021.
Prepare environmental and social impact assessment in good time to prevent conflicts, mitigate adverse environmental impacts, promote equity and justice in resource shares.
A complete digitial copy online.
Resurgent worries over China's slowdown sent global share prices sliding on Wednesday, with European and Asian markets sinking into the red.
The New Vision is with Ronald Muhumuza and 16 others.
It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder.
1 fighter in boxing and who is the king of this era?
A.Lakwena and Kony were a symbol of the African untold backwardness.
After a protracted debate on Wednesday during which one MP after another vented out anger against government for failing to curb high road accidents in the country.
"This was outright theft.
The Uganda Joint Christian council (UJCC) has organized a prayer week that started on Sunday (January 19, 2014) at the Orthodox Church, Namungoona in the suburbs of Kampala.
As schools open for the second term, health minister Dr. Elioda Tumwesigye, has appealed to the education ministry to establish a body mandated with the regulating of school fees.
Problems are never solved with same mind that created them.
A funny question deserves no answer!
This was done, and repeated every four hours.
The ICC is being misused by some groups.
In a statement released on Friday, the activists also called for the amendment of the Children’s Act to include rules and guidelines on legal guardianship.
3 days to race, win & give back.
Presiding over the Christmas Service at St. Paul’s Cathedral, Namirembe, Luwalira decried the overwhelming impunity of some powerful people, to which he attributed the growing vice of land-grabbing.
An Egyptian court on Saturday sentenced seven men to hang for killing a police general in the unrest following the 2013 military overthrow of Islamist president Mohamed Mursi.
nonya size yo pliz!
I know what you're going thru is not easy, but God will protect you from the evils trap.
The Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) will no longer approve plans of any investor intending to set up a fuel station in the city.
I love these gals.
For the first time in many years, the country may not have candidates writing the national examinations administered by the Uganda National Examinations Board (UNEB) this year, sources have revealed.
Kamya defends ParkYard takeover.
8b) to cater for the team’s preparations ahead of the World Cup scheduled for August in Sydney, Australia next year.
Neither did he start with a stash of cash.
Sources say Sebastiano Hangi Bakoko, 60, succumbed to diabetes last Friday and was interred after a funeral ceremony led by the retired bishop.
“We shall investigate the cause of the fire,” says.
We are together dady.
The leader made the commitment to African foreign ministers who went to Juba in a bid to end fighting in which hundreds of people have been killed, UN Security Council president Gerard Araud said.
In his petition, Mbabazi alleges that the Electoral Commission delivered voting materials late and voting did not kick off until 2.
Kyambogo University students’ guild leadership has petitioned Parliament to resolve the issues that led to the closure of the university and demand for the reopening of the university.
‘The reason we give gifts at Christmas time is because God gave us His Son, for our salvation.
He had a chat with Glorias Musiime.
Hundreds of faithful parade weekly to receive water from Samuel Kakande’s church, Synagogue Church of All Nations at Kubbiri in Mulago.
Uganda’S tree cover has been declining over the years.
The Supreme Court is filling ahead of today's ruling and hearing.
Churches have also been turned into immunization centres.
"People say I want to be president, why not?
The promotion dubbed wins the wheels of love ended after two months running, that saw Oguti walking away with Toyota Vitz car.
Take Care Brothers & Sisters.
Rev Ndyabahika died on Saturday in the Zimbabwean town of Mutare, where he was Professor of Theology at the African University.
That is three meals and two snacks.
#Technology: Glow in the dark toilet locator strip.
Charles Wana-Etyem made a pronouncement.
Mp Proscovia Elengot received a tractor that had been requested by her late father and former MP for Usuk County.
Denis Onyango (GK), Denis Iguma, Godfrey Walusimbi, Isaac Isinde, Savio Kabugo, Geoffrey Kizito, Tony Mawejje, Khalid Aucho, Kizito Luwagga, Brian Umony and Geoffrey Massa.
Eh where is everybody?
Details in the New Vision #EPAPER: https://is.
African Union observers said the election was free and fair, despite opposition complaints of voting irregularities.
#Tpf6: With Under Cover brothers evicted.
Uganda agiloga ye bambi alina obusungu.
Mps have tasked the ministry of education & sports to come up with guidelines barring parents from taking very young children to boarding schools.
Cameroon will battle Mexico tomorrow.
Some members of the public think President Yoweri Museveni’s mini Cabinet reshuffle and return of ministers who have been on leave may not address the problems facing Ugandans.
Uganda, Tanzania set to discuss trade barriers.
Chelsea crashed to a shock 3-2 defeat at West Ham as Arthur Masuaku's fortuitous late winner capped the Premier League leaders' second half collapse in a dramatic London derby.
Agony: I recently brought my mum from the village to live with us (my husband and i) because she wasn't well and my brother who checks on her often left the country.
Find out why, in your copy of the New Vision.
Uganda Cranes stars Geoffrey Massa and Yunus Sentamu have been shortlisted by CAF for the African player of the year award (based in Africa) category.
But with due respect, Honourable should behave as fellow MPs!
The New Vision today is your one-stop centre for a variety of jobs in UNEB, Ndejje University and some districts.
In Uganda, FGM is practiced in Northeastern Uganda among the Sabiny in Kapchorwa, Kween, Bukwo, and among the Tepeth, Pokot and Kadam communities in Karamoja region.
Wasswa and Kato are extremely excited about this year’s Twins Festival slated for August 25 at Namboole stadium.
Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden is dead.
President Museveni has arrived at the home of the late AIGP in Kulambiro.
Find the details in New Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Kibenge said the regional Industrial Court circuit will hold its session as scheduled.
bt clearer a bit.
He flows in a highly developed word of knowledge and has a heart for others to experience and understand the supernatural and miraculous encounters with God.
just right infront of their office in kyambogo i passed by to pick my driving permit and the road is now mad road fron tarmac.
Gary Oldman wins an Oscar for best actor in leading role for his part in the movie 'Darkest Hour', beating the likes of Denzel Washington and Daniel Kaluuya.
Read about how he made it in Pakasa tomorrow only in The New Vision.
Do not miss entrepreneurship tips from Karim Hirji, Dunstan Kisuule and Harriet Nakabaale.
What is your opinion?
Take A LOOK 👉🏽.
When she speaks her words are wise and she gives instructions with kindness”.
The MPs told a news conference at parliament Tuesday that the removal of the presidential term limits was a mistake which urgently needs to be corrected.
Men in Luwero district are excited about the opportunity of acquiring wives for a transport refund of sh20,000.
If a child is not free with a nick name I think the child can politely contact the teacher or use a second person.
“Some people have become experts in losing.
Poke holes in cake about 1-inch apart and 1-inch deep using handle of wooden spoon.
Ensure your tyres are in perfect condition to handle the road surface.
Joyce Ssebugwawo was sworn in as the State Minister for ICT.
The property was seized by the Central Government during Dr. Milton Obote’s reign as President of Uganda.
Police forcibly dragged the opposition leader into the court in the capital Male, ignoring his plea to be allowed to walk in himself, and denied him medical attention though the court had ordered "necessary treatment".
The New Vision is with Yswa Graycie Jnr and AL-Awazy Ousamah Prince.
Joseph Mary Mubiru was a Ugandan economist and the first Governor of Bank of Uganda, at 37 years.
I think the god who gives meat to the teeth less.
Live: Pastors Robert Kayanja and Pastor Jessica Kayanja are conducting a National Day of prayer.
2 billion light years away, but NASA managed to catch it on camera: a star exploding.
Tell us what makes your father special using the New Vision Digital Experience App under the Citizen Journalism section.
Water is an essential commodity whose access should, as much as it is feasible, be free like oxygen and fresh air.
Grab yourself a copy or subscribe to an epaper on, www.
Before hiring more staff, they should first increase the pay of the staff there.
“We need more support from whoever can respond positively, jiggers are ravaging the health of our people in #Busoga region, yet a country cannot achieve its development goals in a timely manner when part of its population is not productive,” he said.
We'Ll "spare no effort" to defeat Boko Haram, #Nigeria's Muhammadu #Buhari says.
Minister speaks out on Kagina contract.
The Good (Peaceful Law enforcers), the Bad (Peace Disturbers) and the Innocent (Children)!
Are you the right person for the job?
The official inauguration of St Mary’s Centenary Catholic Church, Kireka parish near Bweyogerere in Kampala.
Under the double-shift system, 1,500 students were attending classes from 8:00am to 1:00pm and other sessions of over 1,600 students would report to school and start their lessons from 2:00pm to 6:00pm.
Cabinet has approved a pay raise for KCCA political heads.
17 in Zurich 5000m race won by Kenyan Isiah Koech in 12:58.
They unveiled their ambitious project Sunday morning to delegations attending the London 2012 Olympics.
Do you think Uganda will catch the ICT train or miss it?
She was either 49 or 50.
Get yourself a free copy in the New Vision for details-https://vpg.
Or you have a talent you want the world to hear of?
Fufa have up to the end of this month to clear what is due to Cranes coach Micho Sredojevic.
Should court issue an order to open Ivan Ssemwanga’s grave to remove money he was buried with?
Ugx50,000,000/= TO BE WON!
The New Vision is with Benard Musyoki.
Youth and children state minister Ronald Kibule has called expedited investigations into an incident in which a 23 year old woman was allegedly gang raped by Pakistani nationals in the city.
With Uganda taking on Liberia next weekend in the World Cup qualifier at Namboole, Micho was interested in assessing the form and fitness of particular players ahead of the game.
A whole brilliant perspective.
For the past year we have been living together, our tenancy is due to end in a month and he wants to move in with his friends.
A student pilot from Egypt is facing deportation from the US after posting on Facebook that the world would thank him if he killed Donald Trump.
You are either a Ugandan or a Rwandese period.
News coming in from Nansana indicates that several people were arrested today evening after the Police found them allegedly disobeying the Presidential directive on COVID-19 lockdown.
A victory so well deserved!
That means the police had no representative in the hosipatal on behalf of their fallen comorrade.
Watch out for the quiz that will win you a ticket.
Finance~ U must act technically.
Dr Carneiro had claimed constructive dismissal against the club and was also bringing separate legal action against former manager Jose Mourinho.
On the other hand, some have found their salary accounts credited with more money than they expected and they were asked to pay back.
Gonzalo Higuain's miss is now available for you to watch at the top of the screen.
Let him rot in prison.
I met Lorah at campus and after dating for about six months, she conceived.
Key highlights at Ngamba Island after Mika’s demise.
Get the New Vision #EPAPER here- https://vpg.
Nsibambi and the current Permanent secretary Office of the Prime Minister Pius Bigirimana caused the removal of a principal internal auditor, Shaban Wejula who first uncovered the dirt in the OPM.
Other World Cup clash was 1-0 win opening match 1982 World Cup.
Who cares when Wanyama ranks his boss?
Late last year, I was shifted to work in another department at my work place.
The New Vision is with Bæ Diaz's Ñœhäñ and 4 others.
This poison caused victims to "become shorter, weaken quickly, and die within 15 minutes".
First of all even if you have sight while at heart you are blind you remain in darkness because you cannot tell good from evil.
Your Excellence the President, tell them these are the gains of the NRM rule, and the conducive business environment created due to your able and all embracing leadership.
Saturday Vision has the details to this story.
Mengo Chief Magistrates Court has overturned earlier orders directing the Uganda Communications Commission (UCC) to revert to analogue TV signal transmission from digital signal transmission.
her regime so far the worst.
how do u sleep at night ?
Find out how it will be carried out and when these free services will start countrywide.
Good and way to go.
Museveni the defiler in chief or to a cocky Parliament that barks while limping hence cant bite?
In a poll conducted in July, about 800 respondents were asked which tribe impresses as the most Romantic, Violent, Fertile, Dependable in financial matters and arrogant.
I happened to have been in that school at their initial start during my vacation of S.6.
” You’ll be amazed at the answers you’ll get, with the added benefit of gaining greater insight into your significant other.
Saturday Vision brings to you details of this story.
Her side about what she saw.
For less than sh100,000, one can buy Ugandan nationality.
Some MPs have opposed the move.
Ssenyonga said that the church is going to distribute food to different parts of Kampala under the guidance of the COVID task force.
In simple terms, you have paid your selves 47b of tax payers money to prevent a loss to your company.
"I plead guilty to all charges, like I did from the first day I was arrested, and I ask for forgiveness," Mihigo told the court.
Africa has more than 55 countries and arguably the most divers continent in the world.
He is a genius his head is still alive and kicking,he recently cornered the rebel MPs until they bowed to outside court settlement but one thing im not happy with him,he doesnt help his family.
05pm; MONDAY 3000 Metres Steeplechase heat 9.
"Doesn't it just mean 'version'"?
Read about how she has done it in Pakasa tomorrow only in The New Vision.
I wonder how easy it is for some people to kill innocent souls in the name of acquiring property especially when you also have children and you know the pain.
When fasting, it is important to inform some close friends and relatives so that they do not disturb you with food or anything that you could be fasting.
Pioneer Easy Bus is seeking a three-month grace period within which to sign a contract with Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) and settle an sh8b liability.
She was handed to Uganda Police last evenning.
Road side entertainment as pilgrims walk to Namugongo.
Guys don't worry .
#London2012 Brice Leverdez of France beats Edwin Ekiring 2-0 (2-12, 21-11) in his first badminton singles match.
This is from a report that was part of presentations at a retreat organised by the Office of the Prime Minister to track progress in improving service delivery.
If it's of traditional healer then their Supreme healer did it.
Mps want to meet Museveni and Mumbere over the Kasese crisis.
Get the details of the last minute preparations as pilgrims make their way to Namugongo for the celebrations.
By da way even hens nolonger fight.
Every thing is sold and finished are we not going to be sold also?
He drowned as he tried rescuing others.
Details in the New Vision, grab a copy.
Health Minister, Dr. Jane Aceng has tasked politicians to return vehicles procured for COVID-19 surveillance to their intended user departments.
Agnes Igoye said the three Ugandans were among those lucky convicts King Maha pardoned, as part of the generosity while celebrating his 69th birthday.
We bring you their message to President Museveni.
Why they can't is it possible to do that tell us?
Fifty babies were delivered on New Year's Day in different hospitals across the city.
Pope Francis ends his Three Day Visit in Uganda and heads to Central African Republic on his final visit in Africa.
Lengthy pandemic school closures have cost students trillions of dollars in lifetime earnings, the World Bank and UN agencies said Monday, warning that the crisis has worsened since last year.
He used to say " abassajja bagala kunzita" baani abo!
-Their throats were slit in suspected ritual murder.
We hang out a lot and it is really awesome.
Is the president a scientist?
investigations have revealed u actually went there coupled and hape but left disgruntled and in your lowest moods ever.
Ugandan cricketers faltered when it mattered most yesterday as they let the Pepsi ICC World Cricket League (WCL) Division 3 slip away in the final.
Why do you run to private?
The official count put the president's main rivals way behind.
President Joe Biden signed into law a bill that bans virtually all imports from the Chinese region of Xinjiang in response to concerns over the use of forced labour.
It'S not a Village, it's a town, secondly, it's in Central Kenya, get yours facts right mehn!
Babirye Beatrice and Nakato Petra are inviting you all for the #TwinsFestivalUg happening at Namboole stadium.
Churches will ever remain poor!
This year New Vision’s Catherine Mwesigwa is one of the honourees.
Katumba blames Police for botched Ibanda rally, details in the New Vision.
Needs that its ownership is rightly established otherwise it causes many conflicts.
Learn the fine art of self-promotion.
Black humans should come back to their original senses, has INDIA vaccinated all it CITIZENS before having a Godly heart to Ugandans?
2 Dominic Ongwen to the #UPDF contingent of the AU-RTF by US Special Forces is in progress.
Rheard some women this morning lamenting how much it would hurt if that were your girl child that they were preying upon!
Big Debate: Do you think Uganda is ready for a full reopening?
The typo is glaring!
Most telling picture of 2014.
#Urbancheckpoint: How has Covid19 affected People Living with HIV/AIDS.
Gadaffi was a darling to Tooro Kingdom, because the kingdom received immense material support from him.
2 billion yuan ($180 million), the telescope dwarfs the Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico as the world's largest single-dish radio telescope, with twice the sensitivity and a reflector as large as 30 football fields, it said.
He works 7 days a week.
The New Vision is with Waiga Bashir and 12 others.
The 10 weeks are broken down into four ‘blocks’ to focus on a particular area of fitness: two weeks of general prep, four weeks of strength, two weeks of speed and strength, and two weeks of speed and endurance.
Am here with my mom.
Somalia had one of the greatest army in africa.
Hollywood star Harrison Ford was injured Thursday when the small plane he was flying suffered engine failure and crash-landed on a golf course outside Los Angeles, officials said.
Set up foods you can eat on the run so you’ll have the energy to keep going.
He has urged the Police to desist from arresting presidential candidates.
The New Vision is with Laguma Jaspher Charles.
Do we have to suffer this in silence?
For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also".
Through the #toon with #Rastoon.
If i dont go der i wont get d guts v fyndin a lover cz am searchin.
The New Vision is with Benson Robert Esagala.
Find details in the Sunday Vision-http://bit.
Whether they stay in or not, I will have to go through the usual.
Breaking NEWS from #Zimbabwe : President Mugabe fires VP #Mujuru, 8 ministers.
Uganda 🇺🇬 and Zimbabwe 🇿🇼 become one at the #TwinsFestival.
#Dna DEMOCRACY NOT ARMS.
Japan'S Naomi Osaka withdrew from her WTA Western & Southern Open semi-final match Thursday in New York to protest the police shooting of an unarmed black man in Wisconsin.
David Sejusa, requesting the top military brass to among others investigate allegations of the assassinations of top military officers.
Where have all the doctors gone?
Because of this park, everything here will have a market.
Initially URA was only tracking goods in-transit from Busia/Malaba boarders.
why are there no shadows of the dogs in space?
Get yourself a copy of the New Vision and keep up-to date with fresh News-https://vpg.
In a public hearing conducted at the Archives and Records Centre in Nakasero, the commission was stunned by the incredible story of how a 24-year old was paid excess of over sh1b.
Women matching ahead of men during today's protests; defying a ban by the National Security Council.
Maybe it was on the spur of the moment,” Kiwanda said.
She passed away at Mulago Hospital on Monday.
She said she looked forward to a life with Kizza, full of fun and happiness.
Can this nonsense happen in serious countries like Rwanda or Tanzania really, Uganda needs real change of government these NRM guys are too tired to run this County.
Today'S front page:::150 jobs inside.
She came to Africa in 2009 and had been on the run for nearly two years.
Now if it so happens that they have decided their new domicile to be outside uganda, what could you do to save the massive public investments since the process will be irreversible because you only had control over the old Imperial not New Exim?
The Norway ambassador to Uganda Thorbjorn Gaustadsaether handed over schools built using the sh7.
In the 1800s, there was a need for treatment of typhoid fever.
The New Vision is with Kitimbo Latif and Ericsson Eloru.
Just relax afande all is good, can see you are in good condition, prison isn't a hell be a man.
The New Vision is with Bigsize Meddie.
Combine chicken, onions, garlic, raisins, 1 teaspoon of the garam masala, 1/4 teaspoon of the salt, the pepper and broth in slow cooker bowl.
May you rest in peace.
4 children per woman.
Get yourself a copy of New Vision for details #EPAPER- https://epaper.
A report compiled by a parliamentary group recently also faulted the compensation mechanism for being unfair to women, when it came to compensation.
“As you are all aware, prevention is better than cure.
‘Remember, if you lose your job, hard as it can be, you may find another.
i saw woman crying on tv .
#Ple Results Fagil Mandy's statement.
Mps have asked government to examine and improve the welfare of soldiers and Police personnel especially those deployed outside Uganda.
The channel apologised to the ailing elderly statesman, who is currently recovering from a lung infection in hospital, saying a technical error led to the broadcast.
The decision was adopted by majority, Presiding Judge Kuniko Ozaki dissenting.
#5Thnortherncorridorintegrationsummit Partner States working towards one area telephone network.
Government has written to the Chief Justice Benjamin Odoki to set up an inquest into the sudden death of Butaleja Woman Member of Parliament, Cerinah Nebanda.
By the time she was elected as Woman MP for Butaleja district, Cerinah Nebanda(RIP) was among the youngest Members of Parliament in the Ninth Parliament.
The New Vision is with Wobweni Mohammed Gudoyi and 3 others.
Ladies and gentlemen, it is the #TOTOFestival.
Get the full story in New Vision #EPAPER - https://vpg.
Subaru in the first place u are stupid urself ur grammer tells the degree foolishness and stupidity u are.
I have heard so many stories of failed marriages and I do not want to go the same way.
The Electricity Regulatory Authority (ERA) has received applications for tariff reviews from all major power companies, less than a year after the rates were raised by more than 40%.
<P><Em>Prayers are going on across the country to celebrate the birth of Jesus Christ.
A requiem mass in honour of Chris Kassami, the Former Permanent Secretary of Ministry of Finance will be held Sunday at Bugonga Catholic Church, in Entebbe at 4pm, according to Ishta Nandi Kutesa the acting head media relations, Bank of Uganda (BoU).
God almost made a mistake.
like if he insults you again infront of his friends I mean close friends of him get stand on your two legs be like hubby am tired of this insult ov yours infront of people come on gal you are a woman .
An American construction company, which had secured funds for the tarmacking of Mukono-Kyetume-Katosi landing site road has petitioned President Yoweri Museveni, protesting the re-tendering of the contract it had won.
All along there has been Money Laundry in the Banana Republic while Tear Gas is being used to halt the democratic proteters on the streets.
Later government constituted a Cabinet Committee on Kasubi Tombs that had two Technical committees; The National Technical Committee to oversee the reconstruction of Kasubi Tombs, and a Judicial Commission of Inquiry into the fire that gutted the Tombs.
The New Vision is with Natusasira Ennid.
Campaigns are all about how a candidate exercises their power of persuasion, and today, FDC presidential candidate Patrick Amuriat has tried to woo an NRM supporter over to his side.
The World Health Organization warned Friday that coronavirus deaths could more than double to two million if infection-fighting measures are not kept up.
Finance ministry permanent Chris Kassami has described the fraud in the Office of the Prime Minister (OPM) where billions of shillings were lost as outright theft.
Superstition is their greatest enemy.
We work to be lord or chief.
Musisi'S claim was echoed on Monday by her lawyer Andrew Kasirye at the High Court in Kampala when he made a preliminary objection, stating that Section 81 of the KCCA Act shields Musisi and other employees of the authority.
History repeats itself and just like Tupac, Dave Chappell, Bob Marley, Lauryn Hill, Nas (those who have REAL beliefs get a BAD REP, BECAUSE THEY AREN'T BEING MINDLESS MIBEY HUNGRY FOOLS!
Unfortunately he is not here to read this story but I believe he watches down on us and proud of who we have become.
The procurement authority has suspended over 100 companies.
“I’M hearing about it for the first time.
But do you know why the iconic attire earned the tag 'bboodingi'?
Most women in Kasese don’t use the female condom because they say it is noisy and hence inconveniences them during sex, a female district councilor has said.
Joseph Odonga Macleans get that copy.
The Catholic Church has invited President Yoweri Museveni to attend the first ever Uganda martyrs congress.
Elly has denied accusations of disrespecting the institution of Parliament and questioning the Speaker's authority.
They are addressing the wrong problem.
7% for women with primary education and 2% for those with secondary education and above.
The Police has this morning surrounded and are searching the premises of Ugandan newspapers Daily Monitor in Namuwongo and The Redpepper offices at Namanve.
Since President Yoweri Museveni okayed the restoration of cultural institutions in 1993, many cultural intuitions have been restored, new ones created, and others still a work in progress.
The new Prime Minister of Uganda, Robina Nabbanja has vowed to ensure that ministers frequently attend sittings of Parliament.
"I am not done.
Get a free copy in New Vision for more #EPAPER- https://epaper.
Go home and relax muze.
Fred Tolit told the people who attended in big numbers that his team would take two days to deliberate on the matter before giving their judgment.
The widow of slain businessman, Eria Sebunnya Bugembe popularly known as Kasiwukira has been committed to High Court for trial.
All industrial areas around the lake should be monitored and there should be strict fines for polluting.
As soon as we're able to determine what specifically caused this explosion, we will report it," de Blasio said.
This man has been under transformation from the time he changed his name and all what happened after,thanks be to GOD.
Eight men accused of murdering former Assistant Inspector General of Police (AIGP) Andrew Felix Kaweesi will have to wait until Wednesday next week to regain temporary freedom.
Malware that stole bank codes and other data worth at least $10 million in the US alone has been smashed through a coordinated effort with Britain and new charges leveled against the administrator of the hacking network, US officials said.
From broken sewers running through the compound to demoralised staff waiting for ages for their allowances, the university is struggling to meet the education needs of over 40,000 students.
don't really need anyone's prayers or wishes.
The New Vision is with Kamuli Rose.
Let them 4give & 4get.
The Islamic University in Uganda (IUIU) has rescinded suspension of lecturers contracts which it had announced on May 13 due to the COVID-19 lockdown.
The New Vision is with Daris Edrine Senkuba.
Cooperative unions were scrapped en replaced with naads.
He said this would stop the marginalisation of Muslims: http://cot.
It'S sounds good, but I want to ask as fool , But why do his people ( most people here in Europe and other developed countries ) postpone happiness?
Her husband, President Yoweri Museveni last year took a similar test for the same purpose.
Coronavirus cut average life expectancy in Italy by 1.
7m and councillors get sh4.
In a rare show of solidarity FDC politicians in Kasese joined in the NRM liberation day celebrations on Friday.
Details in the New Vision, in our Harvest Money, pull out.
I'm a free man its only paper work remaining.
The rapid spread of mobile phones across Sub-Saharan Africa is transforming the region, but record levels of growth are due to slow sharply, an industry report said this week.
Looking for your next adventure or summer holiday?
Only when the prominent die it's covid19 but the lowest ranked it's just death.
It required the intervention of locals to push some vehicles that got trapped after a downpour.
Combining religious mysticism with an astute guerrilla mind and bloodthirsty ruthlessness, Kony has turned scores of young girls into his personal sex-slaves while claiming to be fighting to impose the Bible's Ten Commandments.
As long as you have tasted alcohol, do not get behind the wheel, otherwise you risk being arrested and charged, says Dr. Steven Kasiima, the traffic Police senior commissioner.
Bagenda is being accused by Angel Joan Ntege, a resident of Lusaze, Lungujja parish in Lubaga, Kampala of refusing to support his now 6-year old daughter, Devine Bagenda.
The President was received by the Minister of Justice and Constitutional Affairs of Tanzania Agustino Mahiga, Uganda’s Minister of Foreign Affairs Sam Kutesa and Uganda’s High Commissioner to Tanzania Dorothy Hyuha.
“We have directed the people in Bududa district to relocate following the report released by experts.
What makes the NSSF Bill unique is a proposal by various stakeholders that at least 20% of each workers' savings to the fund be paid out to them to mitigate against financial distress sparked by COVID19.
Spanish model Mireia #Lalaguna was crowned #MissWorld 2015 after beating out 113 contestants from across the globe on Saturday night at a coastal resort city in south #China's Hainan Province.
The New Vision is with Katongo John Remmy and AL-Awazy Ousamah Prince.
Good morning Africa, Good evening Australia and Good night America.
The New Vision added 29 new photos — with Vai Vivian.
If the plan became law, over 30,000 civil servants, some of them very senior, would be affected immediately:http://bit.
Peter Ssebanakitta, who is named in the Tororo-Mbale-Soroti road fraud as the executive director who approved two-year lifespan road that cost over sh200b, on Thursday asked Justice Catherine Bamugemereire commission of inquiry into the roads authority if he could deliver his evidence on camera.
President Yoweri Museveni has vowed to work with the newly enthroned Kyabazinga (king) of Busoga, William Gabula Nadiope, but insists the people of Busoga need to be united.
Twitter rejects call to remove Chinese official's fake Australian troops tweet.
Gates Open at 2pm & Entrance is free!
They are planning to table a proposal before the district council to debate and pass a resolution, according to the district chairman Matia Lwanga Bwanika.
President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni will on Friday, December 31, 2021 address the Nation on the status of COVID-19 in the country and also deliver his new year message.
There was a heated exchange between the Attorney General (AG), Peter Nyombi and his counterpart in the shadow cabinet, Abdu Katuntu over the sh11b paid by government to lawyers in the oil case in London.
The 23-year-old, who is still recovering from surgery after suffering a smashed cheekbone against Inter Milan in late November, was tested before travelling to Italy for a check-up on Friday.
Kitatta’S alleged golden pistol produced in court.
Soft vs hard skills: what do we need for GDP growth?
He gives strength to the weary and increases the power of the weak.
She was diagnosed with cancer of the oesophogus in May last year, but her condition worsened in October when she had travelled to US to fundraise for the foundation.
True Ignorance in acountry is asign of under Development in p'ple!
It did not send an army, but just to engage -- see more at: https://goo.
Ask her questions and truly listen opposed to prejudging what she will say.
It might be rejected.
The Ugandan Government Should Just Invest Highly In Purchasing Such Machines From The U.S So That Ugandans Can Live Safely.
The Social Democratic Party (SDP) is to review its participation in the Inter Party Cooperation (IPC),according to the SDP leader, Michael Mabikke.
Several youth who turned up for the three-day Uganda People’s Defence Forces (UPDF) recruitment exercise in Kampala were disqualified after they tested positive for Hepatitis B or HIV/AIDS.
Pirates lost the first round 26-13 to Kobs at the Kings Park ground in Bweyogerere and will be out to avenge that defeat.
Bishop Zac Niringiye has participated in the activities of The Democratic Alliance (TDA) like any other ordinary person.
Today, James Alemi,30, is one of the most sought after and self-made young experts in Land Rover vehicle diagnostics and repair.
President #Museveni in Arua.
Turn over chicken pieces, and add mushrooms.
- Over 400 job offers up for grabs.
The congress will "certainly mark a watershed moment in the history of Fifa," acting President Issa Hayatou said in his opening speech.
A number of atrocities have been inflicted on refugees before and during flight, including indiscriminate killings, hunger, sexual violence and other inhumane acts.
What about the video evidence?
There was a time Muslim attire was predominantly black and unadorned.
The Wakiso district veterinary officer, Gerald Kilembe, said the disease has intensified in Kakiri town council, with the majority of farmers registering a 100% loss.
Fossilised bones of a dinosaur believed to be the largest creature ever to walk the Earth have been unearthed in Argentina, palaeontologists say.
Breaking NEWS: The Kalita Bus from Kampala to Fortportal has been involved in an accident in Kyenjojo.
Did you know that Bank of Uganda was established in 1966?
David Dinkins, New York City's first Black mayor, dies at 93 years.
Dad loved and educated each one of us up to university and my mother’s last born now 26 years graduated five years.
The New Vision is with Jayz Bosco Allanz.
Mps have criticized this law.
A proposal introduced by San Francisco Superintendent Richard Carranza would allow public school nurses and social workers to give condoms to middle school students without parents’ permission.
THE AFRIKAN CHRIST WILL FIGHT FOR YOU, will you FIGHT FOR HIM or just sit there like they did 2k years ago and do nothing and just witness and then go on to your life as normal?
Some of the measures taken were action on certain social media sites and other related activities.
#Harvestmoneywebsite: Jacent Namyalo Muwanga is one of the 2020 Uganda's Best Farmers.
The newspaper that never disappoints; The Sunday Vision.
President Omar al-Bashir has said that conflicts roiling Sudan's Darfur, South Kordofan and Blue Nile regions would end in 2016, the day after he offered rebels a two-month ceasefire to join a national dialogue.
As surely as the sun rises, he will appear; he will come to us like the winter rains, like the spring rains that water the earth”.
John Mary Kaganda stand sureties.
The New Vision added a new photo — with Shawn Mubiru and 4 others.
8 new COVID–19 cases have been confirmed from samples tested on 19 June bringing the total to 763 cases.
The High Court in Kampala has ordered Kyambogo University vice chancellor Prof.
The answer is no.
The New Vision is with Ananius Lutita and 5 others.
The New Vision added 14 new photos — in Kampala, Uganda.
Namboole is packed,make sure you are already in.
Majority didnt escape through the tight sieve mounted by the Uganda People's Defence Forces (UPDF) at various recruitment centres.
The New Vision is with Begigolio Bob.
Find the details in the New Vision.
I would run into them gossiping about me.
Toro Kingdom has released a tentative program for the 26th coronation of King Oyo Nyimba Kabamba Iguru Rukiidi IV.
Kale Kayihura has told the committee investigating the regularisation of the oil and gas sector that documents used to link Prime Minister, Amama Mbabazi and two senior ministers in oil bribes were forged http://ow.
I think the army should just take over this ministry.
More details in Sunday Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Rwanda'S former President Habyarimana's plane was shot down on 6 April 1994 8:30pm Kigali time Killing all on board.
We bring you what is going on following the order, that could turn this into a security problem.
Those times are gone!
This was revealed Wednesday morning by the TDA Go Forward interim spokesperson Michael Mabikke at Mbabazi’s campaign head office in Nakasero.
Dear NV, kindly note that the moving images are too fast for an advert.
All the reliable agricultural news you need is now just a click away.
Drama ensued in Kiwanyi village, Kaswa town council in Masaka district after the death certificate Benon Lutaaya, the Ugandan artist who passed away in South Africa two weeks ago, vanished hours after he had been laid to rest.
The New Vision is with TonnyBee Okello Tonny and John De Mwangi.
Upon his arrival on Friday, he.
The New Vision is with Wannyama S Godfrey.
The New Vision is with Mike Hyne and 2 others.
Muhoozi was re-appointed to take over the Special Forces Command, a post he once held, before being appointed the Presidential adviser of special operations.
The court is convening in Kampala to give a ruling on whether Rwenzururu King Charles Wesley Mumbere attends the burial ceremony of his mother or not.
The New Vision is with Deo Agaba and 3 others.
Taken on 04th February, 1998.
He owns Paradise Hotel, one of the top hotels in the district as well as two leading primary schools - Modern Primary School, Kapchorwa and Cheminy Modern Primary School in Kween district.
Grab yourself a copy of today's New Vision.
Got a buddy, relative or sibling who is?
President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni has been ranked best in fostering unity in the East African Region.
Do not fear anybody and do not be discouraged.
It may be the narrowest victory in Iowa history, but Hillary Clinton's win over Bernie Sanders puts her on course to clinch the Democratic nomination even if it's more of an uphill battle than she once hoped.
Why do laws work selectively in Uganda!
The rains started at around 8:00pm, lasting till 5:00m this morning.
Yway Mr president quick recovery.
ly/vgepaper and get reading on the go.
Is that really the use of the clutch?
It is such a pity.
Members of Parliament castigated the executive for failing to adhere to the Maputo protocol which requires all African governments to allocate not less than 10% of their national budget to agriculture.
Scoop, stir and mix!
Coca Cola Rated Next Season 3 Arua regional auditions early morning set up.
The story has, however, attracted widespread discussion on New Vision Facebook page, with some condemning the act of caning the man, while others supported the act -- see more at: https://goo.
In an exclusive interview with New Vision, Kwoyelo lamented that ever since he was incarcerated; his efforts to seek audience with the President have been futile.
I would not want to lose that, no, I would not!
We need sciences to have an industrial revolution in our country.
Which means they do things with no aim just kunyigiriza.
The call came as the police also issued and published photographs of two Pakistani nationals who allegedly raped and sodomized the woman.
Egg and sperm donation is becoming a booming business in Kampala.
Okay but you dey test abi?
The case in which Former Kampala Mayor Nasser Ssebagala sued MTN and asking for 8 billion in compensation for using part of his speech as mobile ringtones has been adjourned to October 14th, 2014.
senility just caught up with him in power!
So , who is going to remain in Muslim administration since all clerics n local wanainchi are all getting swallowed up in this mess?
They should catch each and every, atleast for just a day till 2017 comes.
Dr. Badru Kiggundu finally releases the results.
Nssf Uganda with the prevailing situation, it's only fair we request to withdraw amounts kept with you.
N the tax returns to URA are enough to tell the story.
Please show me away through, Guide me father on what to do because am puzzled.
Photos by Muwanga Kakooza.
Great read for parents, prospective students & all who care about Tertiary education.
“There has been false information in the social media that the Inspector General of Police, Gen.
Maybe that's why the level of illiteracy was high 😆😆 anyway accept change, just like u used to be given 20k pocket money en now u give ur kids 200k.
Finali coz we've waited way 2 long 4 such a thing.
Almighty God, we thank you for being in control in this fight against COVID-19.
Henceforth, we don't need the savage congregations.
While addressing journalists on Sunday at the party headquarters, NRM Secretary General, Justine Kasule Lumumba said the party presidential candidate Yoweri Museveni, being the law-abiding citizen he is, will abide by the EC directive to the letter.
All polticians read from the same script written by the same Author.
A crane lifts a car that veered off the road and smashed into a railing, almost running into a canteen at the Uganda Golf Club in Kampala, on Monday.
Google'S brand value shot up 40 percent in a year to $158.
Depositors are informed that arrangements will be made to ensure that access to deposits is provided.
The New Vision is with Ivan Leve Holy and 3 others.
The reshuffle has affected 13 senior superintendents, 8 assistant commissioners, 8 superintendents and 13 assistant superintendents of police who were transferred to different stations across the country.
In the Premier league, Liverpool vs Chelsea, What is your prediction?
Vision Group Chief Executive Officer, Robert Kabushenga, has been appointed a board member of the African Media Initiative (AMI).
God has a plan for each of you, all you have to do is believe.
In MWALIMU:Scholar trashes Makerere report .
The New Vision added 13 new photos — with Etasit Bob and Atai Sharon.
The New Vision is with Walugendo John.
If you forgive him, many more rebel groups shall come in to kill and knowing they would be forgiven if arrested.
“No act of kindness is too small.
But the Portuguese forward's take is not threatening enough.
The Panel seeks to "mobilize concrete actions aimed at closing economic gender gaps that persist around the world".
The #UGTop40Under40 nominations are now open.
Using those other dialects while talking to the nation Uganda and beyond is a joke!
Prime Minister Ruhakana Rugunda, together with the Archbishop Stanley Ntagali, launched the Janani Luwum foot pilgrimage 2020.
Mayiga said he was humbled by the contribution and called for harmony in nation building, saying that apart from the Tombs being a heritage of Buganda Kingdom, they are a heritage of the region.
Never do they think their child might be a sample for statistics in albinism.
Construction of power transmission lines is a prerequisite to effective distribution and access to grid energy.
Mr. Bugembe started work on April 1, replacing Mike Blackburn who retired early this year having served as the Telecom’s CFO since 2011.
A high level of toxins like aflatoxin in the food, indicate that the maize have been handled in the wrong way after harvest.
You just have to save every little money after spending then you accumulate.
are either hilarious, heartfelt, or both.
Cake Angel Ltd: For all high quality cake deco, flavors and supplies ,WE GOT YOU.
8% in 2016, reason being the unusually prolonged droughts.
Otherwise, it's going to be a major obstacle.
How can I help my friend forget about me and focus on his wife?
Dont miss tomorrow's #NewVision or like the Vision Mwalimu page for regular updates.
-Where exactly is Kayihura?
Mr Nasheed - a former human rights campaigner who was president from 2008 to 2012 - had been planning to lead an opposition demonstration next Friday.
I want to say yes.
A copy goes for only sh.
The New Vision is with Nakirya Asha.
Scientists have turned carbon dioxide into stone in a matter of months by pumping it deep underground, offering a revolutionary new way of storing the greenhouse gas to tackle climate change.
The New Vision is with Prince Veer Phatic and 2 others.
Find out how much, who will get what, and when the money will be paid out.
The New Vision is with Distroyer Fred and 5 others.
they were also just realling on facebook.
The New Vision really lacks news.
"Religious and Cultural Leaders” attending a very important function," the label on the tent.
You r a jealous lady.
The tour is on the invitation of the Prime Minister of Uganda, in conjunction with the Uganda Tourism Board (UTB) and Uganda Wildlife Authority (UWA).
Who wants to kno dt side?
If stakeholders fail to agree on them the results are already disputed.
Kyagulanyi was welcomed by fellow legislators at parliament.
Pope Francis has confessed that he fell in love with a girl that he met when he was training to be a priest.
Nsenga we miss we miss you so much but may God forgive Uwera.
Thats why the look sleepy during work time.
will be confirmed in next hour.
Instead, it was pa.
The New Vision is with Don Petrov Wanabira.
The #Uganda Golf Union is trying to engage government so that the restrictions on the #coronavirus lockdown can be eased for the sport.
Political qns though b'se majority of them rely on their country for everything.
5 Ugandan winners of the inaugural #MyChinaStory essay competition have left for a week-long study trip to China.
I got married straight out of campus so I could just be a homemaker.
It does not help only returning the money, let the hotel go further to expose those who were attempting to do such fraudulent acts.
He was beaten badly that's why they first want to treat him.
The 2016 Uganda Demographic Health Survey, estimated that one in four adolescent girls aged 15-19 years was either pregnant or already had a child.
Read story in the New Vision-https://vpg.
Ssentongo’s land lady Jowelia Kateregga told the Police that he (Ssentongo) always left the kids locked in the house without food for the whole day.
Happened to be busy and missed the first of a kind 2021 #HomesAndConstructionExpo virtual edition?
Chelsea had resigned themselves to losing Torres for the rest of this month once referee Mike Dean confirmed he had booked the Spaniard for tripping Vertonghen and that he had missed the subsequent altercation.
Prince David Wasajja mourns father in law, the late Mathias Nsubuga.
Ronaldo returns but will Solskjaer get it right?
President Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo is the official AU champion of 2019 on finding solutions to forced displacement in Africa.
Many skip post-exercise nutrition because they don’t want to 'undo the calories they just burned.
So Sorry may their souls rest in peace!
Kipsiro runs in next hour.
This was Uganda's most successful Olympic Games edition with a historic four medals won.
Get your copy of the Sunday Vision 👉 #EPAPER: http://is.
Today, at just 31, Nabira Mbogo owns the biggest hardware store in Gayaza and has built, owns and runs Twinbrook International Kindergarten & Day Care in Kiteezi.
Topless protesters target Strauss-Kahn at pimping trial.
Ugandans are very happy because we haven't won a medal in marathon races (before)".
So we treat fellow humanbeings just the way u wld want to be treated.
2001: Fearing a repeat of the Kanungu murders, Police raided the compounds belonging to the Ndawula cult in Rubaga and Kakiri where the leader along with 92 other members were arrested.
Blame citizens for trusting the regime with their money.
The loss of millions of shillings through poaching and smuggling of protected trees has been attributed to lack of coordination among state institutions by an environmental watchdog.
Is this a good ground to reverse the tax?
Do you know of an exceptional teacher in a Ugandan school?
It will ha ppen .
Note to Opposition right?
Okungu, a marketer by profession, has been writing a Friday column on regional affairs in the New Vision for almost 10 years.
She should have bargained for the end of what creates refugees.
The drive ends on Friday.
Do not miss Dr. John Senyonyi, an evangelist and academician alongside Dr. Ruth Senyonyi who is a counselling psychologist column on parenting everyday in the New Vision newspaper.
Sejusa now in London for over three months.
Today is Tick Tock Day!
Act and look the part by dressing professionally.
All we want is quality not fake .
The motion to pay tribute to late Mallinga was moved by Deputy Leader of Government business In Parliament Gen.
Govt should come in for resue.
As foreign missions and nongovernment agencies contemplated closing business, the Uganda People’s Defence Force (UPDF) packed their bags, much to the skepticism of spectators and to the chagrin of saboteurs.
The New Vision is with Orena Peter James and Wasswa Arafat.
dey shd not miss.
"Women, on the other hand, would wonder how the spectacle of 22 grown men chasing a leather ball could be such a big deal (for the record, I’m unfriending any females that comes up with that lame joke again)".
Mwana eyo yalinjala ebaruma okulemerelwa luli kiki?
According to Daily Mail, the container fell off the side of the lorry, flattening the top half of the car which came to a halt on the road in Zhangjiagang in the Jiangsu Province of China.
Mugabe turns 91 on Saturday and each year his ZANU-PF party lays on a lavish party using funds raised through public donations.
Newly appointed Ugandan Minister for Regional Cooperation; Hon.
“If you are a PWD, and you cannot prove that you have the disability, you will not get this money.
allow parents 2feed their children while u show em dat u really care 4da girl child, period.
The New Vision is with Ivan Frost Tha II and 4 others.
Do know what it takes to turn this to a city?
President Museveni has warned people against hiking prices of food.
The objective of the public HIV counseling and testing is to demonstrate to all Ugandans the importance of knowing your HIV status as an action towards an HIV-free generation.
Today, the MP for Budadiri East is an accomplished businessman with interests ranging from coffee exports to schools business with Sironko Parents’ Secondary School and Mbale Parents School, one of Mbale’s biggest Secondary School.
Uganda has the least number of poor people in East Africa, according to a new report published by the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
Ngamba Island has turned into a scene of plots and counter plots.
'Rude conduct makes it hard for the children to relate with peers, family and authority because no one desires the company or friendship of a rude person.
If university law said to dismiss, dismiss follow.
Now court has ordered that he, together with Basalirwa and four others lose their seats.
Russia said its agreement with Iran includes a plan for the spent nuclear fuel to be "returned to Russia for reprocessing and storage".
All couples were called upon to celebrate their respective anniversaries with the church.
He also took aim at his favorite foil, the "dishonest" news media that he said has become "part of the corrupt system".
Australia, which is leading the search for the aircraft which vanished in 2014 with 239 people onboard, has determined that five pieces of debris found in Mozambique, South Africa and Mauritius almost certainly came from the plane.
When music stars and comedians easily registered victories in the just concluded NRM primary elections despite being political novices, they set tongues wagging in their areas.
Stanbic Bank customers who pay using their debit or credit Visa cards when shopping during this festive season, stand a chance of winning big daily and weekly cash prizes in a new promo dubbed “Kiri Heavy-this Christmas”.
The Police Fire Brigade response to the fire that reportedly started at around 7 pm.
Nonono stop the arest.
“There is corruption in Parliament.
Collins's raunchy novels of the rich and famous sold more than 500 million copies in 40 countries.
He came all the way to Ethiopia to sell merchandise in Kikuubo!
Every word, facial expression, gesture, or action on the part of a parent gives the child some message about self-worth.
Heavy down pour with hailstorm on Tuesday evening left over 400 people homeless after their houses were brought down.
Subscribe for a digital copy here;http://bit.
Mukiza K. Rogers Cyrilogers Cyril come and comment here.
Since the economy had grown 6.
The Govt is following up on reports that Venezuela’s 2nd-most powerful man, Diosdado Cabello, used a Ugandan passport to send 1 of his children to China.
The study found that HIV remains a significant personal risk and public health challenge for many women in these countries.
Today'S edition of the New Vision.
Eight men accused of murdering former Assistant Inspector General of Police Andrew Felix Kaweesi will wait until Wednesday to regain temporary freedom because deputy registrar Stella Atingu is indisposed.
#EPAPER Right pointing backhand index https://epapers.
All roads today lead to Kololo Airstrip in Kampala, and to Martyrs Parish in Mbarara for the start of the Papal Walk.
show true picture of its finances.
The High Court has set August 14 as the date it will deliver judgment on murder charges against Maj.
The civil disobedience movement will begin Sunday and end only when a civilian government announces itself in power on state television, the SPA said in a statement.
5 million specifically for Kit.
The Ministry of Health in partnership with Amref Health Africa has intensified infection prevention and control measures at Mutukula border post, following reports of five COVID-19 variants in the country.
Send the essay to mystory@nssfug.org OR drop it at any NSSF Uganda branch and wait for the decision of the judges.
“I’D like to thank my fellow participants, the sponsors and the person who nominate me.
Unfortunately someone, a malevolent someone, learns their secret.
Rather than tell them what not to do, teach and show them what they should do.
May Your endless Grace, kindness be over me as I chase my dream.
Financial Intelligence Authority sits in the toilet located on Kampala road opposite Mapeera building.
Details of which vaccines and when the manufacture will kick off, in Uganda’s Leading Daily.
Four people were on Wednesday injured as Police Police battled residents of Kasokoso near Kireka in Wakiso district in an ongoing land row.
To have good roasted maize; one should have ample time to do the roasting.
We should first uproot the dangerous exotic weed (Rwandese)from the nursery bed.
U Leave M7 alone!
The world's tallest model Amazon Eve (American Horror Story) was born a male.
Liverpool FC s Manchester United at 4:30pm.
why do u go for a subject combination that's failing u..
Sad sad was the guy"s mental status o.k ?
It'S foam in there.
Hundreds of Police officers under the auspices of Polices Exodus Saving and Credit Cooperative society LTD(SACCO) gathered at UMA show ground hall on Friday,21,Frb,2014 as part of their third annual SACCO meeting.
Minster Betty k naye olowoza gwe anatereza Kampala abantu bewabanganabo nga tonasala diiro kati bojojobya abalya mmere nga mwerabira mangu muolwoza nti ensi mujajikungula kale mugende masso.
The long-shunned Obiang will get precious international attention by hosting the continent's biggest sporting event after it nearly became a victim of Ebola fever.
Sumayiya Nakanwagi a resident of Nateete appeared was featured in Bukedde Ku Sande a week ago seeking help because she lacked a home after landlords threw her out for having many children.
A morning fire that gutted shops in Sironko Town Council left several traders in tears after their merchandise worth millions of shillings was reduced to ashes.
Download now or update your Newvision Digital Platform to listen to your favourite Vision Group radio.
One of the 57 individuals holds as much as $8.
Buganda Kingdom has asked for Parliament’s intervention into outstanding arrears accruing from various properties occupied by Government, amounting to sh200b.
The football fans watching tonight's games are very much aware of the #coronavirus threat.
Find out why over 200 schools will not be allowed to open in Iganga next year.
Without love of goodness.
Infront, whose president is Philippe Blatter, will handle the distribution of Asian broadcast rights for 26 territories for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
"A better politics is where we appeal to each other's basic decency instead of our basest fears.
Oh, Uganda may God uphold thee.
Wait a minute who is inciting violence here journalists or police?
Hmm u banned them from Carring only one passenger mbu covid bla bla.
Temunenya nyo Betty Kamya.
The New Vision added 3 new photos — in Kampala, Uganda.
Eating only three daily meals?
Grab yourself a copy of today's New Vision for your free copy of the Mwalimu pull out.
One of the four surveillance boats procured during the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM) capsized at Migingo Island, leaving one police officer dead.
How safe is our national ID data?
a few billion dollars.
Bring the liquid to a boil, reduce heat to low, and cook until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is tender, about 25 minutes.
The Newvision Has Really Rebranded!
>Grab yourself a copy of the New Vision #EPAPER: is.
Henry Tumunkude's last day at the General Court Martial where he was battling charges of spreading harmful propaganda and conduct not befitting a serving officer.
How was this made?
Get relationship tips from them, and see what you can take away to apply to your relationship.
“From interactions and discussions with a sample of voters, the prospect of violence is real in the Butebo bye-election.
Common signs and symptoms of Ebola can include: Weakness, fever, sore throat, dehydration, severe headache, joint and muscle aches, stomach pain, diarrhea, vomiting, dry, hacking cough.
In today's NEW VISION: Special Christman #XmasInUg Edition.
The Handshake exploring how you could benefit from NSSF.
A campaigner for the legalisation of euthanasia in South Africa has been charged with murder relating to the death of a man in 2013, police said on Wednesday.
Road CARNAGE: Up to 20 feared dead in Lyantonde car accident.
Please he was just suggesting en giving a solution to a problem but it didn't call for thousands of words, i thought there's freedom of speech in this lyfe eehhh.
You make smarter career decisions when you have real data.
So I understand his panic being that many of his clients who had done the same are sweating plasma as Buganda Land Board goes about rescuing Buganda's land they had made theirs using district land boards.
Good morning to you all.
December is littered with events.
Health workers have expressed concern over the growing number of HIV-positive teens who are abandoning their HIV treatment after turning to religion:http://bit.
“I will continue to maintain the independence of Parliament against all odds,” Kadaga said during a press conference in Parliament.
wont the same befall the roads projects?
now this is another one.
Who are the A level best teachers?
What can be done to stop this refugee crisis?
Capture and inbox the pictures.
Today'S New Vision leads with Gen.
As government has suddenly become considerate!
President Yoweri Museveni has warned Kampala City Traders Association (KACITA) leaders against using strikes and violence, saying that he will not succumb to such pressure.
Cnooc,Uganda sign New deal.
Motorbikes lineup at a gas station designated for them.
Congratulations to the Youngstars!
The New Vision is with Egole Lawrence and Bukenya Kyaligamba Faustin.
We have a plan for you.
Suspected to have witnessed the origin or the cause of the fire or what ?
Chances are you’ll be burning far too many calories.
It is not an Islamic State group .
In their first comment since TMZ posted video of Solange Knowles attacking Jay Z in a New York elevator as Beyonce looked on, a joint statement says the three have apologized to each other and "moved forward".
6 as his salary?
Says they are in touch with the attackers holed up inside the mall but declined to reveal the mode of communication.
“May love and laughter light your days, and warm your heart and home.
In Jesus's name have prayed.
The President will also commission the National Oil Company.
Senior Police officer Godfrey Bangirana has been dragged to court for refusing to leave office.
The position of the Kampala Lord Mayor fell vacant following the controversial impeachment of Lukwago in November last year.
#Breaking: #Malawi High Court grants stay order against president #JoyceBanda's directive to stop electoral process.
The Police in Kampala are hunting for unknown thieves who stole 29 computers from the college of humanities and social sciences at Makerere University.
That would be just before Closing ceremony.
The New Vision added 8 new photos — at Namboole Stadium.
Nsibambi’S will be buried today, at Buloba Church of Uganda, Kasero on Mityana Road, where his first wife, Rhoda and other close family relatives including his father,.
It was launched by Katikiro of Buganda, Charles Peter Mayiga.
The Indians were celebrating the festival of lights called Diwali.
"Nobody will be above the law in Nigeria," newly-elected president Muhammadu #Buhari vows.
Many are happy about that low but how many are going to fulfill there home duties?
Museveni calls for lifting of Zimbabwe sanctions.
#Ugandadecides More to follow.
President Museveni last week described you as a “pumpkin seed” that can germinate even in dry areas.
Between 655,000 and 1.
That must be about being re elected so they pretend to be.
Stella Chesang (Ug) 34.
Some 70 to 80 world leaders including US President Donald Trump and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin are preparing to fly to the French capital next weekend.
Get the story of when he was forced to pay sh150m for when he snatched a wife from her husband.
I have seen it close up during my years working in East Africa.
Find over 8 pages of jobs .
Jamaican reggae group Inner Circle arrived in the country last night at 11.
You are worthy of all praise and honor.
U create diseases, destabilize other countries & interfere on other countries' politics.
4what whn museveni z thr?
They don't force any one in NUP.
Such children are common in Uganda despite the country being a signatory to several international laws against child labour.
Go and deceive villagers in Kiboga.
WE SELL DIFFERENT KIND OF VEHICLES AT CHEAP AND AFFORDABLE PRICE!
THEY CALLED FOR IT.
A cloud of apprehension hung over central Kampala Tuesday, as black smoke made its way out the ventilators of the imposing Workers’ House or NSSF building for close to two hours.
Join Patrick Bitature at the Sustainable SMEs Focused Dialogue from 29th-30th June.
Swagg: Get a free copy in Saturday Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Find details in the New Vision #EPAPER -https://vpg.
Thanks madam Bamukomire Margaret Moses mutabazi and others who atleast identified me.
He said the land belongs to all Muslims in the area and called on Muslims to work with the acting district Kadhi, Sheikh Musa Mabanja, to develop Islam in Bunyoro sub-region.
Ses offered n the public universities where stds're heading to aren't shown>.
Don'T be left out!
The Government has declared Friday next week a public holiday, a day when Muslims worldwide will be celebrating Eid El-Adha.
His face split into a hesitant smile.
Just IN: Simon Kaboggoza succeeds Kyewalabye Male as Buganda Land Board boss.
Start up the new week by grabbing yourself a copy of the New Vision Newspaper here- https://vpg.
All of these activities can throw off your body's internal clock, so try to limit meals, alcohol and caffeine consumption to a few hours before bed.
Jajas are kind, generous and open-hearted to grand children.
Gabon'S President Ali Bongo will deliver a speech on New Year's Day, a source close to his entourage said Wednesday, in what will be the leader's first public address since he had a stroke in October.
Commissioner, Richard Kamajugo said this during the tour of the URA Transit Monitoring Unit and Electronic Cargo Tracking System (ECTS) by a team of European Union delegates on Thursday.
The New Vision is with Frank Ssema and Tzar Alex.
Minister of Lands, Housing and Urban Development Daudi Migereko was welcomed by Executive Director of National Planning Authority Dr. Joseph Muvawala.
A key protest group on Saturday announced a nationwide "civil disobedience" campaign it said would run until Sudan's ruling generals transfer power to a civilian government.
A cautious wolf fears the deep pit!
Shakilah Kaweesa threw her child into the water, an action that actually saved his life.
He played his cards so well and how I wish all his colleagues were like him.
This woman will make men think all women are crooks and infantile just the way she is.
When curfew for Boda bodaz is still there, it's not fair at all.
Early detection eases treatment.
The incident occurred on Sunday evening at Kasambya play ground in Kyotera Town council leaving the organisers shocked.
Cavani should have made it 2-0 to Uruguay but drags his shot wide, before Sturridge has a chance at the other end.
Solomon Ossiya Alemu, who was the National Resistance Movement flag bearer claims that there was voter bribery, tampering and altering declaration forms as well as election malpractice.
Gibson's newly beefed-up arms, a decidedly different look for the typically slender 57-year-old.
I can stress will soon be the leading killer in Uganda.
Uganda Olympic team member tests positive on arrival in Japan despite negative results before departure.
He is a man who just looks at a woman and gets pregnant.
A combination of two chemotherapy drugs has shown promising results in fighting pancreatic cancer, significantly improving five-year survival rates, according to a European study presented Friday.
I have rats so send mi like 2.
The New Vision is with Nalongo Maggie Noyet and 5 others.
'There is no need to lock down our schools, nor our economy.
How you dress will definitely determine how men will address you.
May her soul rest in Peace.
The twins, through their Twins Foundation also partnered with the New Vision to help a four-year-old pair of twins in Kayunga who are suffering from sickle-cell disease.
Album NRM delegates gather at Kyandondo.
No temptation has overtaken you that is not common to man.
It's downcast and dull skies above the airbase, but the mood among the guests is far from dull.
'Til your good is better and your better is best.
3% are elderly persons (aged 60 years and more), according to a new study.
ly/1hhZirW::What do you say?
He collapsed in a Los Angeles studio, was treated and released.
64 AGENCIES TO BE SCRAPPED NAMED.
It makes a lot of sense.
Fill us with your peace, the peace that surpasses all understanding.
He made it clear he was happy being single and is not ready for a relationship.
Uganda is benefitting a lot from the East African market.
Ya gud enough i've died.
Will Commercial banks reverse sh440b in potential loan losses?
Let me assume by recently u mean say abt 2 months.
But what a mused me are the police officers investigating the crime, it now confirmed that demon possed persons are a tool in investigation.
Renegade UPDF officer and former rebel leader Herbert Itongwa will not be accorded military honours at his burial, a senior presidential advisor on security has said.
Bobi WINE HELD IN MILITARY BARRACKS.
Rwandan authorities have maintained the blockade against Ugandan cargo, despite the announcement that they had temporarily re-opened Katuna border to heavy trucks.
Democracy should be a celebration.
Aren't you diverting Ugandans from the rot in your office?
Stir in vanilla and almond extract.
Court is fully packed with parliamentarians, members of the public & pressure groups.
Meaning to won't ENTER?
Learned fellows help me.
The policy was introduced nationally in 1979, to reduce the country's birth rate and slow the population growth rate.
All is set for President Yoweri Museveni to officially receive Uganda Airlines' new Airbus A330neo at Entebbe International Airport.
Do you guys have watsup group where news and information can easily be shared?
Premature don't ya think?
The New Vision added 17 new photos — with Hafsa Abdulmajid and 7 others.
So the election petition has started today.
We shall see development in that way.
Are they ADF the ones on the front page?
21St Century Fox said Thursday that Sky had agreed to a takeover offer worth $14.
Buy a copy or egt a complete digital version online.
Who can make the most of tonight's match?
Do Ugandans eat These things!
78% Ugandans have no electricity.
“To be convicted and sentenced to say, 10 years, is punishment enough.
Those with glass tops are good for any colour.
The New Vision is with Moses Nathan Muhangi and 11 others.
Homes: How to have a great kitchen.
“We are opening a centre to monitor social media who are bent to cause a security threat to the nation,” he said.
Government has warned all bereaved families, funeral companies and companies against the signing of condolence and visitors' books; since it heightens the spread of COVID-19.
Today'S Front Page; US Embassy Speaks out on Mbabazi.
The New Vision is with Nuwagaba Francis and 3 others.
The students, who had been in detention since January 2015, were released at the weekend after the central African country's supreme court reduced their sentences to five years, Amnesty said |.
Katumba Wamala and Gen.
Former FDC president Dr. Kizza Besigye has said he will not quit politics until he defeats the leadership of President Yoweri Museveni and restores power to the people.
Just for moving with a gun?
Using his feet in Kampala on Monday.
"We the UPDF are very happy with the Speaker's decision on Gen.
She watched YouTube videos on how to make doormats, crochet and how to weave among other things.
#Tpf6 Where are you watching from?
Should he have reason to get scared?
The Muslim ban proposed by Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is "not the America we want", President Barack Obama has said.
Speaking during his tour of a Roofings factory that is under construction in Namanve, Ssekandi said industries will not experience load shedding again after July when Bujjagali power plant will be operating at full capacity of 250 megawatts.
Find a detailed story in New Vision tomorrow!
"They took the two priests by force as well as a sacristan," Guerrero told AFP.
Kenya has been pressing, but Uganda's defence holding firm.
Read full article in today's paper-http://bit.
Kusma Gyadi Bridge, Nepal.
Barya became the Vice Chancellor in 2009, in acting capacity; and will leave after 17 years at the University.
Last time,Wolves beat them 2 nil at etihad.
Artistes lure urban youth into HIV testing in Kampala.
Mugisha Muntu has joined the campaign trail of the Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) leader Kizza Besigye: http://cot.
Sincerely girls have been killed in entebbe .
However, five years later Nakyejwe is not only a P.7 candidate at Silver Spoon Primary School, but such an enigma.
'To all my children, I will be fine.
How a mainstream paper like this one can be so gullible and susceptible to recycle fake internet trolls, without following the cardinal rules of journalism beats my marbles.
#Urbancheckpoint: We speak to renown environmentalist and former Member of Parliament John Ken Lukyamuzi about the law and the environment.
The New Vision is in Munyonyo commonwealth resort.
He promised to lift residents out of poverty, improve the education and health systems once elected into power.
Makerere University students today (Wednesday) went to polls to elect their next guild president.
Nature in not cheated.
The New Vision added 35 new photos — with Magembe Joseph and 6 others.
Let me share this tweak with you guys.
A colleague informs his friends of his wife’s passing.
Cabinet has given its position of Murchison Falls.
I dont think so?
State Minister for Lands Aidha Nantaba has been arrested for allegedly having in her possession pre-ticked ballot papers in favour of one of the candidates in the Kayunga LCV race.
Add ginger and onion stir for 30 seconds.
A Staten Island grand jury cleared an NYPD cop in the chokehold death of Eric Garner during his caught-on-video arrest for peddling loose cigarettes, the Staten Island district attorney confirmed yesterday; Wednesday.
Road construction is no longer as essential as health facilities.
Am just speechless 😶.
#Inthenewvision: Get a free cabinet chart in the New Vision.
North Korean weapon engineers have upgraded an old anti-tank missile design with an advanced laser guidance system, its media reported.
The party instead suggested that the anthem be translated into various local languages.
In order to improve the access to higher education in the country, Uganda People’s Congress (UPC) has advised government to scrap the sponsorship scheme in public universities and channel the funds to the Students’ loan scheme.
We pray that you keep this virus from spreading any further and give government officials the ability to safely handle the situation.
If mr M7 your stay in power for life try to retire all your bush war comrades in peace, they need state chair too.
Stop Prevoking Us Even Wen U Killed Our Parents .
Pakasa winners return from China today.
Then what are the roles of district planners and engineers?
if they cant get ugandan academics,they can get cubans or retired British or American professors.
The New Vision is with Butungi Ronals.
The New Vision added 3 new photos — with Benluk Benluk and 6 others.
Let her put on her face mask.
Backup running back Joseph Randle, who receives a $31,895.
Sometimes I fall soft of words!
A police officer being confronted by a female suspect before being taken to the cells at special investigations unit Kireka in Kampala on December 24, 2013.
Kadaga told the house the President was concerned that the actions of MPs could destabilise the region’s plan to get into a federation.
Those are the kind of posts we do espect from you.
The NRM director for Mobilization, Recruitment, and Cadre Development, Rosemary Sseninde, has called upon NRM leaders in Wakiso District to spearhead the monitoring of Government programs in their areas.
Kcca now have a historic double in sight after edging Victoria University to the Uganda Cup final.
U speak the same things n u do nothing.
Justice Faith Mwondha has today sentenced the killers of 18-month-old baby boy, Kham Kakama, to 100 years in jail each.
Ruhakana Rugunda thanks former Prime minister; Amama Mbabazi for handing over and all the many years of service to Uganda.
Dats da 9th parliament!
Where have you been?
Well, as it stands, Uganda are through (2-2 on aggregate) on away-goals rule.
I like but we lack walking the talk.
After a handsome, impressionistic montage of Batman's iconic childhood, the film picks up where Snyder's Superman reboot "Man of Steel" left off but from a different perspective.
The man you quoted for having said so.
How many have had kitu kidogo and made it?
Find the details in the Saturday Vision NOW ON SALE -https://vpg.
That’s not something you should compromise.
Nigeria’S president, Muhammadu Buhari has requested that Saudi Arabia’s government concludes all issues with the Nigerian Hajj Commission in regard to last year’s stampede at Mina, where 274 Nigerians died.
Moonrise time today is 6:31pm.
One of the proposals is that a Salaries Commission should be established to determine salaries of all public servants including MPs.
Do you think Uganda is ready to assemble its own cars?
Ident2021 and get peace .
Not with a bad heart but the target is well placed.
He would not even accept even if you plead.
Achieng: "We had recorded 4,949 cases and 1333 tested positive.
Find the details in the Sunday Vision-http://bit.
2trillion) Al Yah 3 satellite is launched, as analysts weigh in that improved internet access will increase jobs and reduce business costs.
Doesn'T the government have technical options for barring particular pieces of land from sale.
I am hear enjoying the peace.
Rwandan authorities today handed over the body of a Ugandan businessman who was shot on Monday last week while smuggling goods into Rwanda.
Half-an-hour played so far.
He will wasting hr time for ladies?
Nambooze go slow, why all the hatred and am very sure you can not arbitrate in simple matters,so abusing old men,for they have wisdom and you seem to looked at a few blackboards, otherwise some may not tell the difference between you and those ladies in kalerwe market who quarrel over a customer that they called.comfrom their homes!
Russian President Vladimir Putin has ordered a return of 17,600 troops involved in several military drills in the Rostov region, which borders Ukraine.
Ethiopian Prime Minister Meles Zenawi has died, Ethiopian state television said on Tuesday.
Here is what made Mukiibi the successful icon of secondary education.
Mugisha Muntu and Nandala Mafabi shake hands after the former was declared winner of the FDC presidential race at Namboole Stadium today.
Results just in from the Government Chemist and a UK laboratory indicate that a lot of chemicals were found in samples picked from the fallen Butaleja Women Member of Parliament, Cerinah Nebanda.
ME EVEN TO SEAT WITH A MOSLEM ICAN'T IJUST LEAVE THAT PLACE PERIOD.
Luwero district authorities are investigating a racket of cattle thieves, who reportedly transport stolen meat to Kampala concealed under sand.
It happen in every nation effected by the virus and Uganda is no exception.
Police has arrested Forum for Democratic Change leader, Dr. Kizza Besigye and is now being held at the Central Police Station in Kampala.
Find ways to help others all year.
Avoid creating parmanent en.
The New Vision is with Moses Nathan Muhangi and Phillyndah Wildblingbling.
When he left Arsenal 4 Barca he was reportedly homesick.
She is just scared that her powers are going to reduce.
They landed in Kazakhstan at 11:26 p.m. EST (10:26 a.m. March 2 Kazakhstan time).
Find out what revision a student will require in order to pass only in the New Vision #EPAPER: http://is.
Our people are not politicians.
That’s why he retired.
Trucks from Jinja side will be diverted at Njeru to Bukoloto (Kayunga) – Kalagi – Gayaza to Kalerwe round about and use the bypass to proceed.
A military coup bid in the small west African state of The Gambia was foiled early Tuesday, while President Yahya Jammeh was abroad, military and diplomatic sources said.
Museveni’S statement followed the Democratic Party (DP) president, Norbert Mao’s call for a forum where top leaders in the country sit and discuss development issues.
Thank You for the protection amidst the storm the world is facing.
Intimate: I have never dated a short man, says minister.
U pipo wiz adverts,stupid!
Robin Williams had recently become increasingly paranoid when he committed suicide by hanging himself, coroners said Friday, adding that he had no alcohol or illicit drugs in his system.
Yadav said police have sent blood samples from the accused for forensic tests and are examining CCTV footage.
Rest in Peace, Lord Mayor!
Running time: 151 minutes.
Online copy here http://epaper.
There were close to 200 million downloads of ad-blocking software by mid-2015, according to research firm PageFair, but only 1.
what yo frnd dated u cn't date bcos he was yo frnd's frnd.
Government to cater for medical and funeral expenses for Former minister Mayanja Nkangi says Ruth Nankabirwa the Govt Chief Whip-http://bit.
reminder it was bududa this time kasese and next time youuu.
Mutabani wange Sekabembe Henry, Am very proud of you .
Thousands of people still streaming into the stadium amids a heavy downpour.
Manufactured purposely to get information from people around the world and relay to the world super powers!
What have we (Uganda) done wrong?
Russian President Vladimir Putin said Wednesday that “it’s best not to argue with women” as he dismissed former US secretary of state Hillary Clinton’s recent comments comparing Russia’s actions in Ukraine to Germany under Adolf Hitler in the 1930s.
President Yoweri Museveni has said market integration of Africa and political integration for strategic security will stimulate the continents prosperity and rapid economic transformation for the continent.
Namayanja still paints despite illness that left her blind.
The killer father said he strangled his baby because he was crying too much!
The New Vision added 28 new photos — with Okeng Joe and 6 others.
“What we do today, right now, will have an accumulated effect on all our tomorrows.
Kampala itself is a messed up city I think it is in this background why the president himself bends as low as meddling in affairs of KCC and other municipalities.
Mtn should borrow a leaf from safaricom.
Senior Moscow delegates in Kharkiv.
Some have asked for this option.
Buy a copy for more.
The proposed Bill, .
The New Vision is with Lucky Adolf and Doreen Kwikiriza.
Abantu bakowu or balalu?
Bravo our boys, d jungle masters.
Mr Slim's fortune rose by $18.
If u want 2 be with gd family u unstd ur bby or ur boi and u say almight GOD lead me and give mercy 2 a gd frd with mi some one ,and dont trust pple u must trust in GOD.
Apparently dad n mom are no more n I from then got courage that everything whether small or big can be achieved provided you start on it.
Toto this Wednesday brings you the first ever held children's Christmas party with the UPDF.
She and fellow district tribute Peeta Mellark are miraculously still alive.
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg buys off all his neighbors houses worth $30 million, in a bid to maintain his own privacy.
United Bank for Africa have signed a multi-million shillings contract with Vision Group to provide financial literacy to secondary schools in Uganda.
📚📚 Get Senior One End of Lockdown Assessment exams in the New Vision today.
Another slick move ends in Karim Benzema teeing up Moussa Sissoko to fire into the bottom corner.
Se blood plasma to 'collect' where the magnetic field is most-thus causing clots,tumors.
Its good you have known , what's the way forward now.
In Africa except Ghana, it easier to squeeze water out of iron with your bare hands than an incumbent president to loose in an election!
Startimes Chief Executive Officer John Yan on Thursday sealed the deal with KCCA Executive Director Jennifer Musisi at the ‘white house’.
Reach out to us on our toll-free line 0800-211-046 or text 8080 for HIV support services.
Driver sentenced while people who match with stolen tax payers money in billions are set free wondering who bewitched Ugandan laws.
The zoo's supposed "African lion" was exposed as a fraud when the dog used as a substitute -- a Tibetan Mastiff -- started barking.
Detailed story In Sunday Vision.
That is a question that would certainly draw a flurry of mixed feelings from many Ugandans.
Get the full story in the New Vision https://vpg.
The result will also prohibit Vice President Alvaro Garcia from running again.
Experts and elected officials on Monday debunked Donald Trump's claim that "millions" of Americans voted illegally on Election Day, as the president-elect railed against ballot recount efforts spearheaded by the Green Party.
The top valued items are Rocky Balboa's boxing gloves and championship belt from "Rocky II," and could each fetch a whopping $500,000, according to Heritage Auctions.
More than 300 migrants were feared drowned Wednesday after their overcrowded dinghies sank in the Mediterranean, the latest boat disaster on the perilous crossing from Africa to Europe.
Queen Elizabeth II's eldest granddaughter has lost her baby, a spokeswoman for Zara and Mike Tindall said Saturday.
Let the law take its course.
If you're not careful with bad advisers, they're more dangerous than anyone else".
The New Vision is with Busuru Emmy.
You(Cuba) put your guard down at your own peril.
However, Kenya and Uganda relegated to Division 3.
Use dumbbells, barbells, and machines, in that order.
Because you never say a good thing to Rwanda only talk to Rujugiro , RNC or kayumba so there is nothing good you have to Rwanda only have is to help terrorist , look dear have you ever seen any media from Rwanda which was talk with ADF?
What key issues do you expect him to focus on?
Ace it the fighting will perhaps stop.
A local commander told Kurdish news outlet Rudaw that the arrested man was Muhammad Jamal Amin, a Virginia-born US citizen of a Palestinian father and an Iraqi mother.
Children are already victims.
A crash was avoided when a Jet Airways flight from Mumbai to Brussels dropped 5,000 feet in Turkish airspace while the pilot was having a “rest,” the  Emirates 24/7 news site reported Thursday.
Mariam Nalubega the incumbent woman mp for Butambala district has lost miserably her seat to Lydia Mirembe who pulled 14763 followed by Aisha Kabanda the former kampala RCC with 14693 votes.
Thank you for participating in our #UgandanHistory trivia!
Four European countries including Britain had already suspended some aid to Kampala over a growing scandal involving the theft of $13 million in donor funds meant for the reconstruction of two impoverished regions.
Increasing the number of authenticating bodies shows how we have failed to handle UNBS yet its a government body with employees being paid with our money.
Looking to raise 500k in the next 7 days.
His work has ended how about urs.
Some of the stories to expect in Saturday Vision.
Spoilt votes are 15,269.
#2021Recap: The Prime Minister of Uganda, Rt.
Ghana have beaten hosts Equatorial Guinea 3-0 after a chaotic end to the Africa Cup of Nations semi-final in Malabo.
· Sieve the kitaama to remove particles or impurities that could have remained.
According to Dr. Steven Kasiima, the commissioner for traffic, all drivers of PSVs will be subjected to thorough scrutiny to establish whether they have caused accidents.
The New Vision is with Nana Wenger and 28 others.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter has filed an appeal of his 90-day suspension from football, the New York Times reported Friday.
Kaweesi has been the director Human Resource Development and also the police spokesperson.
God did me a favour I don't no him.
Thank You for Your blessings, provision, protection, and healing.
Its not fair,imagine yo going 2work in the morning pussing all thoz probs.
Uganda’S ambassador to UAE, Wanume Kibedi Zaake revealed on Thursday that a team from UAE was expected to visit Uganda for a second round of negotiations on the.
Breakup: To RETURN or NOT RETURN what he/she bought you when you were still relating!
Facebook CEO and founder Mark Zuckerberg doesn’t want the neighbors around, so he bought them out.
Charles Ssekamate, who confessed to killing and dumping the body of his two-year-old baby son in a pit latrine, is remain in jail for 32 years, court confirms.
Gaza before and one month after after Israeli invasion.
Govt may seek international help.
A senior US official did not provide further details on the alleged breach, but described it as "very serious".
Make plans or just talk about anything.
Land being the cuddle of people.
Former Zimbabwe president Robert Mugabe spent his final days in Singapore at one of Asia's best hospitals, more than 8,000 kilometres (5,000 miles) away from his homeland.
Having taken her first steps into a larger world in Star Wars: The Force Awakens (2015), Rey continues her epic journey with Finn, Poe, and Luke Skywalker in the next chapter of the saga.
An unbeaten 49 from Roger Mukasa saw Uganda overhaul the target with 6 wickets to spare.
Get vaccinated, wear your mask always, and observe social distance to prevent the spread of covid 19.
In 1996, Uganda held her first general elections in 16 years.
The New Vision is with Faith Leah Kweya.
Peace and war begins with you.
Caption: The Minister for EAC Affairs, Hon Shem Bageine holds the Budget Speech aloft at the start of the proceedings earlier today.
And have threatened aid agencies with expulsion.
Hybrid Generators source power from solar panels which is then stored in batteries; this means that one can reduce the generator’s running time by using the stored solar energy and therefore saving on fuel costs.
8bn by Pearl Engineering Company Ltd was on Wednesday handed over to the Ministry of Education, Science, Technology and Sports.
Most importantly, you alwaysput a smile on mummy’s face.
The New Vision is with Mwijukye Mack.
An elderly couple is still in shock while relatives and friends are frustrated, after the wedding that they planned for months flopped following the parish priest's refusal to preside over the function.
This building is located in Dresden, Germany.
Uganda Wildlife Authority (UWA) is drafting a National Rhino Strategy that will see the re-introduction of black rhinos in the wildlife reserves.
Mtn Uganda Launches KFC Partnership to reward MTN Pulse Customers with Free Bundles.
Let them be fleed in somalia, sudan, congo where der is insecurity.
We don't care his strength,is service in place?
Jean Baillaud, the deputy military chief of the UN peacekeeping mission in DRC known by its French acronym MONUSCO, said the operation was being conducted jointly with Congolese troops.
#Government only wanted #Friends & #Family members to attend their meetings so that they can pass their resolutions without #Headache.
Teach your child new strategies to use when feeling emotions that may be expressed inappropriately (e.g., anger, frustration, sadness).
Chadwick Boseman, star of the groundbreaking superhero movie "Black Panther," has died after a private four-year battle with colon cancer.
Journalists don’t know it, but I can tell you there is corruption in the House,” he said.
The function was led the Archbishop of Kampala, Dr Cyprian Kizito Lwanga.
So smugglers must be shot?
In Entebbe or Kampala?
Why don't you just look for another before this fire gets deeper leads you to trouble?
And he is god very scared of people and what they do.
Is pastor Bugingo poor or using drugs?
For a digital copy, go to;http://bit.
Thanks for your service.
U call me on 0754610067.
Her career was in doldrums as her name could not be on the graduation list of Makerere University’s 67th ceremony this week.
Profiles of key suspects in last month's terror attack in Nairobi point to the worrying rise of a new generation of Kenyan jihadists, analysts say.
He said the department should set an example for the rest of the civil service.
The New Vision is with Musoke Absolom.
Follow us on Facebook Buying Agent Uganda: .
The Sunday Vision is Now on SALE.
🗞️ Story in today's edition 👉🏽 https://t.
A senior army officer has been arrested in connection with the murder of former Police spokesperson Andrew Felix Kaweesi.
Among this SEEDS FOR ALL SYMPOSIUM objectives is to disseminate selected research undertaken on seed, particularly access to quality seed for smallholder farmers.
National Council of Sports (NCS) assistant secretary David Katende has urged the Police Taekwondo team to be disciplined and work hard to keep the Uganda flag high during the third edition of the Africa Open Taekwondo Championship in Johannesburg South Africa.
#Agony; My husband has a boss who does not give him space to spend any quality time with me.
He will vote at LC1 meeting place in Kizungu Zone Makindye Division.
#Traveltip: Scan your passport, ID and Itinerary and email them to yourself so you have a copy in the event of loss or theft.
It has been two days of bathing suit photo shoots, up in Thailand, at the Miss Grand International (MGI) contest that kicked off on, 5th, October.
,E.T.C, just email dr.
Quite often, internal leadership changes – whether through polls or appointments – are aimed at renewal, with outsiders viewing them as the ultimate test of the democratic ideals a party purports to espouse.
lets repent and accept jesus in our lives.
The New Vision is with Rash Sank.
Mamdani blames South Sudan crisis on US, UK-https://vpg.
Well, if you have, don't trip, she just got this from the market.
He, therefore, warned all those conniving with the people that are fighting the church because they are paid to tannish its name that they will end up like Judas Iscariot as there is no act without a price.
Rare weed sucking life out of Lake Kyoga.
Government has received 200 testing machines for detecting Hepatitis B. The machines will be dispatched to 12 districts with highest burden of Hepatitis B. These include: Adjuman, Arua, Koboko, Moyo, Lira,Dokolo , Ngora, Tororo, Kumi, Moroto and Nakapiripit.
Ku Urban Tv ne ku Bukedde Tv 1 Live.
Historian Tony Owana engages him on.
However, my wife only depends on one job and I have told her several times to start something for a side income like I see many women do, but she says she does not have the time.
The New Vision is with Nareeba Leon and 21 others.
The International Criminal Court's chief prosecutor pleaded on Friday for the Ugandan Lord's Resistance Army rebel chief to surrender, vowing he would receive a fair trial just as his deputy faces.
In the past it had its positives but today, what would make a man want have very many children?
#Heroesday Celebrations: President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni observes a moment of silence to remember fallen comrade, Maj.
Then your election bribes?
The New Vision is with Egesa Joel Jonz.
This in your copy of the New Vision.
The officer was speechless.
What would you want the president to tell his counterparts?
I cant wait to see them.
Tune in and watch across all Vision Group Uganda TV stations.
What did the frog order with its burger?
Microsoft was said to be working on a separate version of Windows for smartphones and tablets, as it works to adapt to lifestyles centered increasingly on Internet-linked mobile devices.
You may rightly say women want him and men want to be him.
sub_confirmation=1 Watch us LIVE 👉🏿 bit.
Find out from today's New Vision why Lwakataka is in trouble again and how he escaped from the army.
"We had some tentative dates but we are waiting for the final education calendar to be released because selections are related to that calendar," said Dr Dennis Mugimba, who speaks for the education ministry.
I think those who ar abusing what government has done .
The New Vision is with Fred Atuhaire and 7 others.
The New Vision is with Zazi King and 2 others.
According to a report by the Sectoral Committee on Land and Parliamentary Affairs, the bill doesn’t introduce anything new warranting an amendment to the Constitution.
The guys in uniform don't serve Ugandans , they serve the interests of one person .
Hope eritreans have nt com 2 disappear again 4m UG?
It'S DAY-5 as Police and UPDF try to retrieve wreckage from the capsized boat.
All is happening because of one man who wants to cling on power!
The media is only hiding d truth from us, get to know that.
if u have been seeing this kinda post and u ignore or think is nt Real, u must be doing urself personally.
He kneels, and thanks God!
After raising $5,000 (sh17m) over the weekend, SC Villa have not rested on their laurels.
Mr mukalazi munange ebyo bibyo big z big jst watch 2day avayo.
Seven months into the outbreak, "the Ebola response is failing to bring the epidemic under control," Doctors Without Borders (MSF) said in a statement.
Sex can make a man stay with you overnight but love will make him stay for a lifetime.
These people are doing nothing apart from taking your money while others merely use [have sex with] women under the pretext of giving them fertility, while those who are still going there are facing more problems.
The National Council for Higher Education (NCHE) has rejected 66 PhD degrees which were awarded by Kampala International University (KIU) in 2011 and 2012.
Lwaki temwesonyiwa amafuta ga muzeeyi?
“The 2-0 loss (against Guinea) should not ruin our hopes but serve as an evaluation tool for future engagements,” Mulindwa wrote in a message issued Thursday.
[Sponsored]: A journey coloured by love, enabled by grace, quickened by power, marked by God's word and established in divine purpose.
What happens to the people when they get sick.
Lira district agricultural officer Dorcus Alum said they expect a food crisis and acute famine in a few months to come.
So what do you do?
Today he is a director in what is probably one of the biggest cocoa processing and exporting companies in the country.
Get the detailed story in Saturday Vision.
Statehouse Entebbe now getting full as the signing of the #Antigaybill gets underway.
The President issued the warning at a press conference at his home in Rwakitura which had been called to specifically to re-affirm the order stopping the eviction of peasants.
Pliz stop those lies.
The likes of #kawere Sulaiman, #Onegi, #Kyirowa and #James who claims to be having brains #hahaha your level of understanding is shown by the content of your arguement, wishes, analysis, advice and thinking not the arrogance and lack of ideology you are trying to portray here, why do you hate him?
Using humour to drive home his point, Zuma had the audience in stitches when he said Johannesburg was a “serious national city”, and it was unlike Rustenburg or Pietermaritzburg.
Are the new recruits going to be serving in the biting department ?
1(e) of the Electoral Regulations, the Ad-Hoc Electoral Committee has passed the candidature dossiers to the investigatory chamber of the independent Ethics Committee to carry out integrity checks within ten days, as stipulated in the regulations.
How sh300m was raised for Kiprotich http://j.
The Police is opening 72 personal files on staff in the Office of the Prime Minister on whose accounts billions of shillings were deposited to execute ministry activities.
The husband of a pregnant Pakistani woman who was beaten to death outside Lahore's High Court for marrying against her family's wishes vowed Wednesday to fight for justice.
No one can change Allahs arrangement and no one is above that command.
Am I being played for a fool?
Follow the Ministry of Health SOPs and get vaccinated today!
"There must be a willingness to experiment and to listen, even by management".
Why do car engines overheat?
Can Ofwono Opondo the govt spokesman say again today that the US is useless to Uganda and expect to still be boss of the Media Centre by this time tomorrow?
So ur Jesus was arrested on holy Thursday and resurrected on good Friday .
While economic activity is slowly picking up, borrowing is yet to gain momentum, as the economy is not stable yet.
I also thank the people of Hoima District and Bunyoro region in general for electing the old man with a hat and NRM,” he said.
<P>Hungary threatened to blow Group F wide open when Attila Fiola gave the hosts a shock lead in first-half stoppage time after catching out the France defence.
A married man and a father of two, David Lutalo is one of the celebrated musicians in Uganda.
The dutch were playing on tension!
Legislators on the equal opportunities committee of Parliament are opposed to the proposal by President Yoweri Museveni to have the Indian community recognised as a Ugandan tribe.
The Chaplain, Rev Onesmus Asimwe said the Chapel Council had endorsed the idea of the corporate wedding in order to enable couples attain righteousness in their.
The Lango community in South Africa is mourning for the death of former Ugandan Land Minister, Prof.
The Sunday Vision is out on the street, read about the Martyrs Day choir team members involved in a fatal motor accident.
Get the e-paper via https://t.
Sejusa is the former coordinator of intelligence services.
Teachers have no access to corruption money.
Dear Lord, thank you for your greatness.
naye wont they rape us?
The New Vision is with Ken Ethan and 4 others.
If you missed people and power.
This is one of the examples.
Details in New Vision today #EPAPER- https://epaper.
Fire your graphics designers!
Researchers say they have cassava varieties that are resistant to cassava brown streak using GMO technology, but are still in confined field trials because of lack.
Climate Action Network Uganda is a network of Non State Organizations (NGOs) working on climate change.
So we pray for protection from that which could bring harm to us physically.
<P>The MAU secretary Julius Bukenya cited the Covid-19 inter-district cross border lockdown for 42 days announced by President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni as the reason for cancelling the event.
The Inspector General of Police (IGP) Gen.
Onlookers say he collapsed due to hunger.
Director General of Health Services Dr. Ruth Achieng addressing presser on #Typhoid at Uganda Media Centre.
What can be done to stop drug abuse and help young people overcome the addiction?
Whose is work is this to train fishermen or nearby shores of lakes or water bodies .
“We can transform Kampala into a lakefront city with such a project.
Nrm YOUTH FIGHT: Ofwono Opondo responds.
Nutrition GUIDE:People with depression may indulge into excessive eating.
It is up from Monday's 409 cases nationwide.
Uganda'S Ministry of Foreign Affairs to issue a statement.
Officers flee as Anti-corruption team raids youth fund offices.
You never have to miss your favorite Vision Group TV shows when you’re on the move.
The New Vision is with Wabwala Abigail Muyama and Nagawa Joanita.
Peter Ssematimba has retained his MP seat after a long court battle over his academic qualifications.
why take long eating the cty's cake wiz out working for it?
You gotta grab yourself a copy!
Ild rather sensitisation of all men against domestic issues be made a priority.
Uefa to scrap the away goals rule for all of its club competitions from next season in favour of extra time and a penalty shootout.
Google celebrates Uganda's 50th Birthday.
The farmers under their cooperative the Uganda Meat Producers Cooperative Union (UMPCU) Ltd, have agreed to build an abattoir that meets international standards.
It was not clear if the money belonged to Saleh or his wife.
Get the The Sunday Vision e-paper here bit.
Our three teenagers, two girls and a boy are extremely lazy.
How can I apply online because I m currently finishing some project in Gulu !
What exactly would a civil servant be doing on whatsapp and Facebook apart from wasting time.
Let them pay for cutting off peoplez lips , raping very young gals, forcing young kids to kill their parents, and forcefully recruiting young kids in thea terrorist activities.
You should carry an umbrella and something to keep you warm as you watch Uganda taking on Tanzania.
Let them also manufacture metres, UMEME takes a year+ to connect people claiming that they are still waiting for the metres to be delivered.
That man (Muhoozi Kainerugaba) is an army officer.
Get details on how to participate and prizes to be won.
Come and learn, come and get the right information about your agribusiness from experts.
He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love.
Is he coming in 2016 elections?
Moving to a new country constantly comes with the anticipation of new opportunities.
The speaker of parliament Jacob Oulanyah has rallied leaders to heighten efforts to end HIV/AIDS by 2030.
My husband is tired of the job but has nothing to do because we need the money.
The nine-month-old baby holds on to her mother like her life depends on her.
They always claim they are yet to convert their money from foreign to local currency so the girls end up spending their money hoping to get it back after the exchange.
This proves pple in power are smarter and those yearning for change are junk.
Newspapers are enough to prove the case.
The trial of businessman Mathew Kanyamunyu indicted with the murder of child rights activist Kenneth Watmon Akena resumes next month.
But to vote politically.
New details emerge on Arua catholic Bishop.
All sporting events in Wales will be held behind closed doors from December 26 to help control the spread of the Omicron variant.
Ela oli muzibu nga elinya lyo olina omwana ?
No need to jugde him before his proved guilty that hw they also tried to turnish the late mj's name and image by cruel n bad hrted pipo same way,so kindly dont jugde.
I want a student loan, so that I can breed chicken and get married also.
#Worldcupfacts: #Brazil's #Pele is the only player to win three World Cups: in 1958, 1962 and 1970.
1, 2and3 as investigations are being carried on.
But is that what they said in court?
they're deployed to mark that land, protect the mineral reach areas and kill any resistors.
Get a digital copy - http://epaper.
The incident occurred at Kampala Serena Hotel at a dinner hosted by Crown Beverages.
In a communication written to its employees, Africell announced that it will wind up its operations in Uganda effective October 7 2021.
Job VACANCIES: The human resources department of THE RITZ-CARLTON HOTEL Geneva, Switzerland office, has approved the employment of qualified and interested applicants into the following vacant positions available to enhance its quality service delivery.
"You are betrothed to your community, deeply bound to it.
Arua main street as West Nile Uganda celebrates 100 years.
However, these are elections and he has come to make a change and create change," says Stella Mukibi, a Bobi wine supporter.
Our country needs a new chapter.
Antoine Griezmann salvaged a 1-1 draw for France against Hungary in Budapest as the world champions missed the chance to clinch a place in the Euro 2020 last 16 on Saturday.
Two days before Moses Golola takes on Hungarian Betya Istavan at Kyadondo grounds, the motor-mouthed kickboxer has looked sharp in his recent sparring fights with Ronald Mugula.
#Urbanupdates: Uganda's total confirmed cases are now 317.
Patrick Amuriat wants campaign extension to make up for time lost due to Electoral Commission summons.
The Russian-language feed, which has more than 2.
In conclusion, the President has quoted Luke 8:17.
Kamto, who according to official results, came second with 14.
Who are they and who to be the ghosts among students?
I wish Uganda Cranes victory over Madagascar's Barea.
Retired Supreme Court Judge Justice George Kanyeihamba has said that Kizza Besigye has a right to challenge Yoweri Kaguta Museveni's February 18, 2016 re-election.
How long do you think you can wait to have a baby?
Bees could be answer to protect farmers crops from #elephants that encroach on their land.
The Bank of Uganda is mediating talks among players in the payments space towards the establishment of an interoperable payment platform.
Lord Bell said: "It is with great sadness that Mark and Carol Thatcher announced that their mother Baroness Thatcher died peacefully following a stroke this morning".
Sunday Vision brings you the implications of the sanctions.
Whether killed, abducted or tortured.
The way I feel like vomiting just when I hear only a name!
Uganda would consider Gaddafi asylum - Minister http://goo.
Dz r d companies dt u wudnt think twice 2 offer bail outs.
The New Vision is with Musinguzi Deus and 6 others.
Montagner, 54 and at the height of his career, was on a break from filming the hit series "Velho Chico" (Old Chico) in northeast Brazil when he went for a swim Thursday in the Sao Francisco River with co-star Camila Pitanga, according to the Globo media group, which broadcasts the show.
Police investigations into the murder of Harriet Namyenya who was buried in a bathtub at her home in Nalukolongo have unearthed a disturbing sequence of events in which her demised was perpetuated by one of her own family.
The Police have submitted Godfrey Kirumira‘s file to the Director of Public Prosecutions.
Everyone told her she was being too ambitious and that she was rather too young, but Irene Muwanguzi believed in herself enough.
To read TOMORROW'S paper on mobile, simply install our Android mobile App.
I was told headline should be brief soon newspaper is becoming toto magazine.
Grab yourself a copy or Subscribe to the epaper on .
He started his visit by inaugurating the Board of Trustees for the late Sam Owori, Rotary Vijana Poa Village.
#Ugbudget21: Further scale down on spending on consumptive items such as travel abroad just like we have done during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Thumbs up for capt Mukula!
Making baby-related announcements on Mother's Day and Father's Day has been a trend in celeb land for awhile, but Kim Kardashian made it officially official this weekend.
Great recovery by Moses Kipsiro who is running besides race favourite Mo Farah of Great Britain.
The Government is in the process of gazetting the Uganda Martyrs Shrine in Namugongo a national tourist site, an official has disclosed.
-Set up a play area Construct a swing set for the children #EPAPER: goo.
Our vehicle has no functional gears; reason why the production date is unknown.
Inzzi will be in HEAT 3 so be patient.
Godfrey Wekale will have to serve a 15-year jail term after the High Court in Mukono sentenced him for defiling his 12-year-old granddaughter.
The fire, that destroyed millions of shillings in property, came two days after the suspension of students last Thursday for spearheading a strike.
The New Vision added 60 new photos.
*You recharge pin#you will be credited with #750 instead of #200.
Pipos adrenalines are high.
In the ✍️ Health and Beauty pullout, we tell you more about the condition, its causes, risk factors and why you should join the fight to end stigma against people living with Epilepsy.
Christopher Nyanzi, 31, rose from a desperate poverty-stricken young man who carried loads on his head for money on the streets of Kampala to owning a plant that recycles waste paper into book covers.
Libya had challenged the ICC's right to put Saif al-Islam Gaddafi on trial on the grounds that since Libya was planning its own proceedings, the ICC had no jurisdiction under the principle that it only intervenes if the local legal system is not up to the job.
#Askthepau: Is the investment in Uganda’s oil resources still economically viable in light of the energy transition?
#Inthenewvision: Henry Kajura was kept waiting for 30 minutes to hand over the public service ministry to his successor, Muruli Mukasa.
The University Council chairperson John Okedi Thursday announced the closure of the university and ordered the students off the campus by 5pm.
I think the law needs to change of it's terminology, suspected!
"How would you feel if someone took naked pictures of you"?
I apologize to Tooro, To King Oyo, To Queen Mother Best I love you very much for taking me in and me being your son.
God bring sanity in Egypt.
Material things definitely has its merits but it cannot alone provide the riches of a truly meaningful life.
They are also low in fiber, protein and micronutrients (empty calories), but high in unhealthy ingredients like added sugar and refined grains.
President Museveni has ordered for testing of ministers for COVID19 after premier went into self isolation.
Conservative Party chairman Ken 'The Man' Lukyamuzi believes its time Ugandans took him seriously and that he can be the one to lead Uganda after President Museveni retires.
#Lifehack: Most acne care products contain ingredients that cause more breakouts over time so you will continue buying their products.
Arsenal chief executive Ivan Gazidis has revealed the club already have a plan in place to replace Arsene Wenger.
Pray for mummy' - Gen.
1991: Accessors in the treason case against former education minister in the Obote II regime, Prof.
The premier league table as it stands before today's games.
He is like a walking library.
Even before pre- entry was scrapped, students were failing.
Covidex, a herbal medicine which has raised excitement among the public is said to have been manufactured by senior scientists at Mbarara University-based firm Pharmbiotrac.
The by-election for Butebo county seat in Pallisa district is set for June 6, 2013 according to the programme released by the Electoral Commission.
Get yourself a copy here 👉 bit.
First Lady commends NGOs educating refugee children.
'Nabbanja is a no-nonsense person; she is hardworking, practical and a good mobiliser with strong desires to serve interests of the common man.
Get the details in your copy of the New Vision.
Doz are our courts.
He made the pledge at a reception hosted by Velupillai Kananathan, the first high commissioner-designate of Sri Lanka to Uganda in Kampala on Monday.
Tech: BlackBerry is done making smartphones but the brand will still be attached to handsets.
Send their details to mwalimu@newvision.
It was great seeing you come out to hear me out even when I was a first timer on the Presidential campaign trail.
Another thing hanging people because they have killed doesn't pay because they will never know the pain .
And then give them what?
The latest crisis in the notoriously volatile country arose in August 2015 when President Jose Mario Vaz, elected a year earlier, sacked his prime minister, Domingos.
Where is this so-called newvision.
Binaisa Road traffic is slow.
“Rwandaair sincerely apologises for the inconvenience caused,” reads the statement.
No time for Kasese killings?
Ladies and gentlemen, another policy coming in from NEMA, this time its on the 'oil spill contingency plan'.
The MPs also demanded that Kazibwe resigns as agriculture minister due to alleged incompetence, corruption and mismanagement of projects under her ministry.
Kavutha is no stranger to the entertainment scene in East Africa.
Fungaroo said the Police should be a civil institution but it has become a very brutal force.
The New Vision is with Clare Red and 7 others.
Call 0706470717 for clear directions or any inquiries.
The former Proline star signed a three-year contract with the South Africa giants Wednesday after a successful two-week trial stint.
Why not mentioning the inocent people like Kawesi who has lost their li es in your existing as IGP?
He announced his retirement at a meeting of the House of Bishops on Saturday, 7th January, in Mbarara.
Have faith in your abilities!
One time, I took my girlfriend home and when he asked me about her, I told him that she was my friend’s girlfriend.
Teach your children financial discipline.
The late prelate, was the first Ugandan Cardinal and head of the Catholic Church in Uganda.
They disobeyed kabaka's orders and you call them what?
Poor children don't know their seated on a bomb.
The youth should work hard.
In fact, you don't even have to call anyone to order.
Sebaggala storms MTN over popular ringtone.
A seven-year old girl, Faith Namukose, is seeking financial assistance of $20,000 (about sh50m) to undergo a brain surgery.
We should the stars of the world proudi to be ugandans thanks God 4 the gift of talent.
The Health Ministry has today signed a Memorandum of Cooperation (MOC) agreement with Japan to promote health care and enhance economic growth in Uganda.
The Vatican has been the focus of several controversies including the coming out of a gay priest and the leak of a controversial letter, while the pontiff himself ended up in the headlines for a gaffe which helped oust Rome's mayor.
The Police have recovered a vehicle belonging to 52-year-old Haji Rashid Kamoga Kulima, a senior human resource officer at the UNRA, who died under controversial circumstances.
Sprinkle with mozzarella and Parmesan cheeses.
When do we use the word 'alleged' this is no allegation, its confirmed why still call it alleged?
This caused Kijanangoma’s supporters who were carrying stones and tree branches to open war against the already deployed anti riot police.
I have a flood of f tears.
Actress Betty White, who made US television audiences laugh for more than seven decades, starring on popular sitcoms "The Golden Girls" and "The Mary Tyler Moore Show," died Friday at age 99.
Here is what is ahead of the delegates before their departure.
6%, which contributes to unwanted pregnancies and unsafe abortions.
Please advise me on how to get out of this mess.
The Parliament appointments committee has today rejected the appointment of two more ministerial nominees citing corruption and contradicting academic papers.
African leaders should get the message loud and clear!
#Pakasa2 Forum in at Kampala parents auditorium, under the theme; "Job Creation.
1- HE IS THERE TO MEET HIS DOCTORS WHO HAVE BEEN EXAMINING A MAN WHO IS SCHEDULED TO DONATE A KIDNEY TO HIM.
Tubonga nawe Musicians plead with Museveni on Bobi Wine.
Win up to 2x, 200x, 300x and 500x your stake every 10 minutes!
It's in Rwanda .
#Newvisionbigdebate: On SOPs, can bars operate with party animals just nodding to music?
63% down from 12.
The woman has told my sister so many negative things about my boyfriend.
5billion market will host around 3000 traders.
But there are new cases still continuing or Coronavirus is over now🤔🤔?
Live updates from press conference.
The vendors asked city officials to check on the brutality meted against them by the law enforcement team.
Fallen Sudanese leader Omar al-Bashir has been seen in public for the first time since being ousted, as he was driven in an armed convoy to the prosecutor's office.
“We shall coordinate with Police and the Ministry of Health to question these exorbitant prices.
This Unbelievable about Omara!
in the middle of the city.
Once you register, you will receive $ 5,000,000 as a new member of the world.
Kenya’S High Court and the Public Procurement Administrative Review Board have separately suspended the leasing of Mumias Sugar to Sarrai Group, a Ugandan company linked to the Rai family.
In a statement issued by the Education and Sports minister, "Under the circumstances, Government supports the decision taken by the University Council".
New fossils show life on Earth at least 3.
Ugandan musician Bebe Cool just posted this message and photograph on his page.
You say you can't let him keep her but I say you can.
The Taliban said Monday the last pocket of resistance in Afghanistan, the Panjshir Valley, had been 'completely captured'.
I how the wisest man on earth would stop something which has already happened.
Get to know who a professional painter is and more building tips in the Homes and Construction pullout.
I now days look at our little children, and imagine the task I have left for them, because i fear the cost of change.
Marburg is a killer disease caused by a virus and is spread through direct contact with wounds, body fluids like blood, saliva, vomitus, stool and urine of an infected person.
Now I Understand why I shouldn't feel the pain in paying OTT tax~To free my expression!
Check and like Pakasa Vision for more.
Kayenba is a talent manager and has managed many Musicians, including Lady Mariam Tindatine, Pastor Wilson Bugembe, David Lutalo, Dr Hilderman, Chris Evans, Cute Kaye and Rema Namakula.
Henry Kyemba was principle private secretary to Prime Minister Apolo Milton Obote when Sir Edward Mutesa II became president.
To reduce illegal trading in the city, Kampala minister Beti Kamya has ordered vendors operating in the city markets not to have more than one stall each.
And to mark this milestone Katumwa is briging on board a jazz icon, South Africa's Hugh Ramopolo Masekela.
And humanitarian workers themselves have not being spared.
Do you believe this camel?
Kabila was the country's first democratically elected President in over 40 years.
The Boko Haram insurgency has claimed more than 20,000 lives since it began its quest for a independent Islamist state in 2009 in northeast Nigeria.
We thank u for organizing this exhibition.
This led to the vibrant economy of Uganda to slump after the entrepreneurial class left, we look at the consequences that linger on up to today.
Vice President Edward Ssekandi has voiced his support for Saemaul Undong, a village model South Korea used to transform to a developed economy.
He reigned between 1884 and 1888 and from 1889 to 1897 when he went into exile in the Seychelles, where he eventually died.
A budding French model, Victoire Macon Dauxerre, who ate 3 apples a day and drunk a little soda to maintain her elite model status is now suffering from anorexia.
Youth leaders in Soroti district on Tuesday walked out of a meeting convened by the eastern youth MP Peter Ogwang, rejecting sh20,000 transport refund saying it was too little for them.
Oulanyah clarified that the letter written by the Clerk to Parliament, Jane Kiribige, to media houses.
The virtual #BrideAndGroom Expo is getting even better each passing day.
Down town shut down.
Domnic Ongwen will be conveyed to the Hague by CAR authorities," he said on twitter.
Uganda has deployed troops along its border with South Sudan to monitor developments and prevent any possible spill-over of hostilities into the country, the information minister, Rose Namayanja, has said.
Ghana could progress to the last 16 if they beat Portugal and Germany beat the Americans.
One way to get yourself motivated to exercise is to make it a game by playing a sport.
Find out who is in the race in the New Vision#EPAPER- https://vpg.
Uganda Cranes Vs Ethopia.
But that dress code Kabus.
Okawa, one of only a handful of people born in the 19th century and still alive “is looking in good shape,” an official at her Osaka nursing home told AFP.
the list goes on.
According to the Police, the 3:00am local time, incident happened at Mpamujugu swamp, about 10 kilometers from Mityana on the Mubende highway.
I knew a strike would come.
"Stand up to your obstacles and do something about them.
Hope we can solve this, and then ofcourse the strings attached, katugira tubeererawo!
God of heaven and earth, unto you, all creations come to worship.
There is no particular candidate proposed to be the first president of East Africa Community (EAC), if the political integration is fully implemented.
The New Vision is with Sammy Wasike.
en they complain mbu more salariez.
Prices rose the previous day as traders looked past an increase in US commercial crude inventories to a record high to a fall in stocks of refined products like gasoline.
The New Vision is with Mimi Kay and Dankano Dankano.
Police slapped charges of obtaining money by false pretense against the accused and the Director of Public Prosecutions (DPP), Jane Frances Abodo, endorsed it.
A British pensioner has returned a library book to her school some 63 years after taking it out, the librarian said Friday.
Alcohol is dehydrating, inflammatory, and negatively impacts balance and decision-making.
<P><Em>Since the outbreak emerged in December 2019, the US has been the worst-affected country with 672,880 deaths.
The results still need to be confirmed by the country's Constitutional Court.
For #EPAPER click - https://t.
A twin or multiple pregnancy can be both wonderful and challenging.
The New Vision is with Haskhan Ora and Moses Nathan Muhangi.
"We have agreed that judiciary carries out the inquest because we don't want to get involved and be accused of influencing the probe.
Kenya has ordered Al Jazeera to be placed under investigation and face possible charges over a report the Qatar-based TV news network aired alleging Kenyan police operate death squads that target radical Islamists.
The New Vision added 18 new photos.
The New Vision is with Muhoozi Obed.
This is because their citizens need an income and charcoal is one of the low hanging fruits.
The New Vision is with Murahutsya Owen.
He associated the ICC with "the old mistake makers" who failed to heed the anticolonial slogan of "Africa for the Africans".
Do not sit there satisfied, thinking your child is on social media having fun; some are there being buried alive.
Die-Hard fans with deep pockets can snap up more than a thousand pieces of Stallone memorabilia at auction in Los Angeles in December, which will help benefit veterans charities.
#Wuliraeddoboozi: Tukwanirizza mu kitambiro ekitukuvu.
Looking for distributor and importer.
Jacqueline Uwera, the widow of the late Juvenal Kananura Nsenga, has lodged a notice of appeal against her conviction and 20-year jail sentence at the Court of Appeal.
Pridon is good for him, he has slimmed and looks healthier!
To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funny bone.
Six cases of mutilation and murder were reported in the lead-up to the elections, Shelin Kasozi of Kyampisi Childcare Ministries (KCM), a charity that cares for survivors of attempted child sacrifice, told Reuters.
Born in Buikwe district, Mbekeka became disabled at the age of nine.
The malaria vaccine trial is being conducted in seven African countries, targeting about 15,500 children.
Hooo u may wounder why they aint employed.
… And I believe Congress will pass it".
Where are they putting budgetary allocations?
Come one come all to the Kivvulu of the year.
All the police contacts you may need during this festive season.
Breaking NEWS: Two Makerere University students killed by a security guard at a Guild election's rally.
This is very little.
Don’T miss expert parenting tips in the Parenting/Family column every Monday to Friday in New Vision.
The New Vision added 39 new photos.
Even civilisation began from Africa,but where are we compared to the whites.
A professional football club in #Bolivia has signed President Evo Morales as a midfielder for next season.
South Sudanese civilians are dying of starvation as warring forces flout a peace deal, the chief ceasefire monitor said Tuesday, adding he was "staggered" at conditions after two years of war.
You have done this country a lot of lip service gentlemen!
Are we supposed to be happy for our loss?
Should I give him another go because I really like him or should I say no because of our past, advise?
Those from Masaka highway will be diverted at Busega to follow the bypass to Kalerwe roundabout – Gayaza and follow the same route to Jinja.
London - A former top Qatari football official paid more than $5 million to get support for the emirate's controversial campaign to host the 2022 World Cup, a British newspaper alleged Sunday.
Here is a great opportunity to join the world Great Illuminati Association.
The problem has not been the budget!
Just IN: National Water and Sewerage Corporation Managing Director has been awarded "Best Regional Manager" at the European Business Assembly.
No twists, no surprises.
Radio stations to start paying for music they play.
the religion of the heartless human species.
Fate of crime preventers hang in balance .
The UN says it plans to deliver aid to about 150,000 Syrians in besieged areas over the next five days amid a partial truce in the country's civil war.
My bicycle is still being repaired today,, so tomorrow dont laugh at me when i appear at da EC HQs on ma bicycle to pick ma presidential forms.
The money was deducted from their salaries on a monthly basis during the time they were suspended.
Bride & Groom Expo is back!
See our training schedule at Health.com/yes-you-can, which guides you on how to increase your mileage.
In this podcast, we bring you Part 2 of our undercover journalist and how she beat the airport security to fly out of the country to work as a maid in Dubai.
"We have evidence the results we are receiving have been doctored".
•Even as a country, we shall get a lot of publicity in the international media.
Bulange Plaza was constructed by the former President of Uganda Gen.
I hardly ever miss a copy.
Other presidential aspirants will be required to move with only 20 supporters to Namboole.
Ppda wants Parliament officers who entered into a sh19b contract with businessman Sudhir Ruparelia’s Kingdom Kampala building punished over flouting procurement regulations.
Actually you should be doing it twice a day.
In his independence address to the nation, President Yoweri Museveni gave credence to National Development Plan’s recent economic blue print to transform Uganda into a first world country by the year 2040.
He thought that he was to be vice president for life but the mafias as he used to call them led by the then prime minister Amama Mbabazi shortened his dreams.
A large population is a blessing.
Do NOT MISS: Kristiana Kayanja's Fashion Brand Launch.
In a statement issued by Uganda Muslim Supreme Council (UMSC) spokesperson, Hajji Nsereko Mutumba, Mubajje made the remarks at a Mawlid (ceremony) organised by Muslims at Kakuuto Mosque in Rakai district to pray for Prophet Muhammad and thank God.
The pharmacy student from Barcelona claimed the illustrious crown after winning over the contest's judges during the 65th edition of the world famous pageant in China's Sanya.
To help in searching the whereabouts of Shafik Mugabi’s parents, contact 0773065939.
Barack Obama says he and Iran's new President Hassan Rowhani have exchanged letters, and warned his reluctance to strike Syria had no bearing on US threats of force to thwart an Iranian nuclear bomb.
First pictures: #Israel launches ‘Protective Edge’ #Gaza raids.
📚 To end gender-based violence and violence against children in #Uganda, a newly launched handbook and training manual are being seen as important tools for prosecutors.
The motion to pay tribute to Mutende was moved by the Prime Minister Dr. Ruhakana Rugunda.
In SECURE FUTURE: Katikkilo Muliika says his life savings were stolen.
Yet only the Gospel of Matthew talks about them — and briefly.
Forgive me the errors of yesterday and bless me to walk closer in your way today.
Kato Kimata Ronald and Wasswa Kimata Dissan clad in Kanzus.
Thousands of marriages not recognised by Government.
President Yoweri Museveni is today expected to break the ground for the construction of Busabala-Najjanankumbi Road.
It’s coming to four years since he first breezed on the scene with a lovers-rock flavored ‘Ow’omukwano.
Bou sold debts of failed banks to foreign firms.
No turning back now.
The New Vision is with Akia Janice.
-A good muscle workout – cycling uses all of the major muscle groups as you pedal.
What are you afraid of after leaving power?
The Church is not a thing we are to do, but.
President Yoweri Museveni puts the gold medal around Stephen Kiprotich's neck after the breakfast hosted at State House Entebbe in his honour.
However, a security source insisted that they are still looking for the suspects.
Playing to the gallery is uncouth for a person of his stature!
Its three phases (liquid, gas & solid) are visible, as the smallest droplets cool and evaporate in a dramatic cloud, before they reach the ground as snow.
“The style of music I do is similar to Bebe Cool’s only that the way I fuse mine has made his less .
Over 100 children have been baptised on Saturday (Boxing Day) at St Paul's Cathedral Namirembe.
That frustration has forced her to enroll in P1 at St Jude's Nursery and Primary School.
The United States has sanctioned the former Inspector General of Police, Gen.
He was the 31st king of Buganda after assuming the throne at the age of 16.
so don`t kill inocent animals.
Police has vowed to dominate the national cross country championships which will be hosted at Jinja Golf course on Saturday.
Back page of today's NEW VISION.
Will THEY CHANGE THE DYING METHOD TOO?
Uganda Cranes checked into Le Meridien N’Fis Hotel in Marrakech.
Police threw a huge security ring over the stadium and the neighbouring areas, to guard against crime and disruption the match, deploying about 5000 personnel for the encounter.
Buganda Prince David Wassajja during the "Kabaka Wange Book Launch.
Thats cheap unreliable statistics.
The Anti-Corruption Court stays.
On the fateful day on Wednesday August 20, Ssebunya left his home at Abayitababiri near Entebbe, with his wife Prossie Nakagimu in their Mercedes Benz ML 320, registration number UAL 075G.
We live in an interesting fast-paced technological evolutionary era where so much or nothing can be made of that great potential that is our youth.
Those victims deserve a punishment.
Dr. Kizza Besigye has told party leaders that he wants to resign from FDC presidency.
Gilbert Bukenya’s woes with women did not start yesterday.
starting at 6am Sunday 27th October.
Man Every Day I Do Physical Wak Like Raning Bt More I ran, The Bigger I Become .
Waiting for the details.
Hundreds of Kenyan truck drivers have, since Thursday, blocked the road to Malaba customs post on the Kenyan side of the border.
In Italy, the hardest-hit European country with 366 deaths from COVID-19, Serie A descended into controversy when Italian sports minister Vincenzo Spadafora called for the league season to be put on hold.
she is flying to amore lucrative sit .
Secretary of State John Kerry said during a visit to South Sudan that President Salva Kiir and rebel commander Riek Machar were both committed to holding direct talks.
The Police say the victims died after consuming the gin from the bars owned by the distillers in the slums of Katanga, Kikumikikumi near Makerere and another slum on Sir Apollo Kaggwa Road, all in Kampala suburbs.
Have you ever scored off a corner kick?
"Court was convinced that the boy's life had taken a promising shape, he was deprived of a measure of happiness owing to the school's negligence to which his life was prematurely terminated at its prime.
Pastor sempa is lying to Ugandans about a subpoena for his arrest by the US.
When you're out of glass cleaner, a few tea bags can make sure your spring cleaning continues uninterrupted.
If no new ones register, 27 parties will remain.
But by the deadline late last year only two associations out of the close to 50 registered with NCS had complied.
Stir and season with salt to taste before serving.
Old Kampala Police boss, Joram Mwesigye, assaulted a WBS tv journalist yesterday.
Practice makes perfect and what better way to get your Senior One child prepared ahead of the school reopening than with our competence based assessments.
Police boss who assaulted journalist faces another charge .
He did not say hate people because they are different, judge them because you don't understand!
Uganda Air Force experts and the Kenya Defence Forces continue to search for two Ugandan helicopters and their military occupants believed to have crashed in the jungles on Mount Kenya.
Will the new Makerere university fees policy which seeks to address the students’ concerns solve defaulting?
That way, when your dream job/business comes up, you'll be perfectly and uniquely qualified for it.
Major CRACKDOWN ON CRIMINALS.
Real Madrid have won the Champions League!
Government has described Mengo Chief Magistrates Court order directing Uganda Communication Commission (UCC) as impractical and insisted the digital migration process would go on unabated.
Fare thee well Arch bishop Desmond Tutu.
Leaders of the main Opposition parties have disagreed on whether, when or how to remove President Yoweri Museveni and his NRM party from power.
Us President Joe Biden unveiled his plan Thursday for the first of 80 million coronavirus vaccine doses being distributed globally, with 75 percent of shots disbursed via the Covax program.
"If the government could speed up the process of allowing big actors in the rice farming to produce clean seed, it will go a long way in improving the quality of the rice".
Whatever the case may be that water at the synagogue church is blessed and to us who take it miracles are happening in our lives.
He took aright decission why should some one die on job, of which his retirement has reached!
but first of all it needed secure and stability.
Nice bit of land, wonder who will build on it ?
Wake up to news around Uganda with New Vision, this Wednesday, December 15, 2021.
He was in dire need of money to look after his younger siblings who had dropped out of school for lack of school fees.
Don't miss a copy.
Reports coming in from Gerald Lumbuye, Mayor for Makindye Sabaggabo Municipality indicate that at least five people have died after a building next to Roofings Group in Lubowa collapsed.
I have told him this is unfair and he says he’s saving his money for a big business.
Pour batter into prepared loaf pan.
President Yoweri Museveni will Thursday be one of the special guests at the commemoration of 25 years of the founding of the Rwanda Patriotic Front (RPF).
9b meant for retirees of the organisation.
Non-Unionized workers will on Friday, December 04, convene at sub counties and municipality headquarters to elect non-unionized workers' delegates.
We have gotten used to covid, people got sick and got cured since nrm primaries up to now don't you think we would be dying in hundreds but you hear two, highest was six.
President Yoweri Museveni is a special guest in Rwanda as RPF marks 25 years.
I was thinking let just sell that country and worth share the mulla thou nor equally, at least I get my share b4 we quit this f**kup earth.
I would like to visit there.
The lawyer and politician is also the Kamuli district Woman MP.
At a rally in Ntusi trading centre in Lwemiyaga, Mao lamented DP’s lack of candidates in the district.
The opposition contested the decision to hold another vote, saying it had won the first vote.
they don't put ETEMU : ANI YAMUSE.
I do believe some government officials if they had failed to get such offices, they would have been somali pirates today!
My dilemma right now is that she is on my neck begging that I remarry her.
When Kenneth Mugayehwenkyi two weeks ago started walking his 400km talk from Kabale district in western Uganda, destined for Mukono, another district in the central part of the country, even he had his doubts.
You have brought the UN closer to us”, Mrs. Janet Museveni told Ms. Ahuuna who called on her at State House Nakasero to bid her farewell.
Atlast Rwanda has something to export to The East African market.
Longlive oyo may the good lord,protect u for more years and years.
Manchester United are relaxed about Jose Mourinho’s potential to bring conflict and controversy to Old Trafford and consider him the closest equivalent they have had to Sir Alex Ferguson as a motivator, despite the club’s three defeats in a week.
The Department of Physics, School of Physical Sciences, College of Natural Sciences (CoNAS), Makerere University invites all interested parties especially astronomy enthusiasts to a Full Moon Viewing opportunity.
The day is meant to give the world a break from fossil fuels and raise awareness about the harm caused by carbon emissions.
We'Ve done it for half a season now.
The Judiciary will soon solve its space shortage headache, with the construction of the Supreme Court now at roofing phase and that of the Court of Appeal at the final wall plate of the last floor.
Thoughtfully, the citizenry furnished w/ facts can use social Media w/ the Hashtag name & shame if you spot any corrupt official.
British Queen Elizabeth II's statement on explosive racism claims by Prince Harry and Meghan Markle dominated British media on Wednesday, with some saying she needed to give a stronger response.
Elsewhere, Busoga United hosts SC Villa, MYDA welcomes unbeaten Express FC, while Wakiso Giants look to pile misery on underfire Mike Mutebi's KCCA.
The New Vision is with Kavuma Ronald.
Workers Union opposes pay rise for civil servants .
The New Vision is with Mukabya Musa Gasuza and 3 others.
True but u can't stop chaotic taxing!
Owing to heavy monsoon rains in the neigbouring state of Madhya Pradesh state, water levels of many rivers in the state of Gujarat have crossed danger marks and thousands of people and cattle have been shifted to higher ground.
Players r so overworked without time to rest their muscles u find the sme guys playing in every event on the URU calendar.
Send their names, position and contacts to: sunday@newvision.
Ruled the Hausa empire for 34 yrs and led an army of 20,000 soldiers.
Tenants need not to take advantage.
Slowly but surely destroying Uganda!
Buy the Sunday Vision & get a FREE copy of the Uganda Argus.
Why men must know their condom sizes.
Brazil destroyed world and European champions Spain 3-0 to win a third straight Confederations Cup title with a dazzling display of football which left the Maracana Stadium in raptures here Sunday.
According to Communication chairman, Msgr Lawrence Ssemusu, president Museveni has been invited to preside over the congress which will be held Lubaga Cathedral from October 17 to 18.
Kaweesi has been shot dead with two of his body guards just a few metres from his residence in Kulambiro.
If it was our Chritsmas cakes girl i would buy horns!
In a bid to match its growing reputation as the leading university in Africa outside South Africa, Makerere University has acquired a substantial stock of books worth over sh2.
I think since also dat man who was beaten badly to death waz a twin .
In SUNDAY XTRA : WOMEN ON TOP.
For many Ugandans, investing in fashion as a business is considered less lucrative and a risky venture.
I did not care that she carried.
The Bill seeks to bar traditional and cultural leaders from engaging in partisan politics.
The two, however, accepted having family planning implants to prevent them from getting pregnant.
But what's wrong with these so called leaders of ours?
He sometimes carries work home or he is called back to the office in the middle of the night.
Could cryptocurrency dethrone the dollar?
Peace manifests it's self where it's most respected.
Democratic of Congo President Joseph Kabila on Monday said he would reject foreign admonitions on the electoral process in the vast central African country.
2009 - Bushfires in Victoria left 173 dead in the worst natural disaster in Australia's history.
Each of us can and must do more to protect the futures of Uganda’s children and we will.
The Impeachment process in Pictures.
“We rejected it because it was fresh and not wrapped in the cloth I had given her.
Captain Joseph Kalyabe, 91, the assistant parish priest of Mulajje Catholic Church in Luwero, served as chaplain in the Uganda Army in the 70s and talks about his interaction with Idi Amin.
Hamwe na za kaapa!
Mwekuume we will all triumph after the quarantine.
Just that Mr President is stoney hearted, but this is a clear message of the outcomes from what he wants to do.
Kale Kayihura was transferred to the Ministry of Defence.
A missing Kyambogo University student, Merab Nalubega, who vanished six months ago, is being linked to Sudan, according to the main suspect.
The outgoing Archbishop of Church of Uganda has sounded a general call to medical practitioners on handling patients with more affection and warmth.
Don'T miss your copy of #SundayVision here-https://vpg.
Find out which company the church is to pay and which contract was breached.
Museveni: I thank you members of the #NRMConfrence for showing confidence in me to lead you in the next round of elections.
My lito bro does that but its somehow risky.
How to prevent your bananas from ripening so fast.
Wabula Medi Mukozi amanyi kuyiiya dont mind the languague.
That is what our pple make it!
"I will use diplomacy to woo more Foreign Direct Investments to Uganda," Uganda's Ambassador to South Africa says.
But some of us are sceptical about our judiciary because uwera nsenga who intentionally knocked and killed his husband was given only 20yrs behind bars!
• Can artistes survive virtual concerts?
Ugn police style up en do your jobs properly, putting someone behind bars on hear say?
The Sunday Vision is out.
Mbabazi said the UPDF – now in Central African Republic – would pursue the Lord’s Resistance Army rebels if they meted terror on Darfur, in western Sudan.
Aerial shots show emergency crews escorting people out of planes and onto the runway.
We still pay taxes!
Hope it will move forward.
Get the details in Sunday Vision or buy and read the #EPAPER via - bit.
Details of the clinical trial seen by New Vision show that only children aged between 12 and 47 months are eligible to take part in the one-year clinical trial.
It’S just a week to the much-anticipated twins festival.
The East Central Southern African Health Community (ECSA-HC) member states met at Imperial Royale hotel in Kampala to discuss on ways to advocate for Universal Health Coverage interventions in Uganda.
Two Sudanese People Liberation Army soldiers have been shot dead in a clash with the UPDF in Yumbe district.
I remember them at kabojja.
My sister raised me, I’m now at campus, but i need to be independent, which my sister objects to.
⚽️ KCCA FC play to a 1-1 draw against Tooro United.
Museveni added that the government had not purchased new fighter jets as reported by some sections of the press but that he was committed to building the air force.
It'S interesting interms of nature of other places & cultures as well.
We can support finance in terms of policy,” he said.
Without mentioning names, Muntu said in Nakasongola on Tuesday that the unnamed rival was trampling on him by branding him a non-Ugandan and a poor mobiliser.
God is good indeed!
Sometimes we loose sex drives depending on many factors .
My actions will be directed towards rallying support of citizens to take action to stop another sham election.
For a complete digital copy go to; http://epaper.
The rains are expected to continue into June.
How French🇫🇷 driver Gasly won his first #F1 race in Monza.
Pope Francis on Wednesday offered a surprise public apology from the Catholic Church for a series of scandals which have shaken the city of Rome and the Vatican.
When those NRM cadres a everywhere to detect thugery.
Christians throng Namboole stadium for end of year Passover celebrations organised by Victory Christian Center Ndeeba on 31st Dec 2013.
The committee is probing circumstances under which billions of shillings meant for the rehabilitation of the war-ravaged north under the Peace, Recovery and Development Plan were stolen from the OPM.
This week, The Sun shines on the sorry state of Goodlyfe Crew that is on the brink of collapse.
Build good bridges even in that just-for-now job, because you never know how they’ll weave into the larger picture of your life.
#Rushhourtusimbudde : Ssenga Hamida on recent increase on break ups in relationships.
There is time to die and let live.
Modern parents who handle their kids - teke teke - need to be firm.
When the 37-year-old funnyman takes the stage Sunday in Los Angeles to host the Grammys, music's biggest night, it will be as one of the biggest names in comedy.
Whats are your comments about the game so far?
Who should we believe?
Let them appeal to M7 for immediate result.
Apollo Mubiru, the Mukono Central SDA Church's first elder asked police and its sister security agencies to always respect the journalists.
Speaking during the launch of city reading tent at Garden City on Thursday, Annie Galiwango said that the libraries will be accessed by both internal and external users.
Get it in today’s New Vision 👉 #EPAPER: https://is.
Where is Rwanda and South Sudan?
We will continue supporting Uganda to get more vaccines,” Airey said.
Kaanayo Nwachukwu is with Shawn McDonald.
But amassing NATO troops and hypersonic weapons in Ukraine is okay.
A good legislator, listener and good leader and would sometimes be misunderstood by his decision.
Ugandan kick boxer Moses Golola has opted to invite Ronald Mugula as the appropriate training partner ahead of his fight against Hungarian, Betyar Istavan scheduled for April 19 at Kyadondo Rugby Ground.
The FIFA/Coca World Ranking - Find out where your team are in the latest standings.
Since they did good work?
” she demanded, but a questions and cautions going to sort out the problem?
When they become princesses are they still as much of commoners?
When a person gets one of the life-threatening diseases that occur in HIV-positive people, they are diagnosed with the advanced stage of HIV infection known as AIDS.
Pallaso, how are you coping without Queen Sheeba?
Twitter chief executive Jack Dorsey said Wednesday that the struggling messaging platform is in the midst of "rebooting" as it seeks to fulfill what he sees as its vital mission as a rapid source of information.
Thanks for the update.
promoted to the rank of major from the rank of captain.
The chaos was as a result of confusion within the directorate of Citizenship and Immigration Control in the ministry of Internal Affairs that had transfered receipt and delivery of normal passports from the ministry's headquarters along Jinja Road to Post Office Building.
According to an eyewitness, a cyclist was trying to switch a lane to another side.
Dr. Francis Ndamira at Caritas offices in Nsambya on Monday.
Seo INTRODUCTION PACKAGE #WEPROMARK #SEO #BUSINESSLISTING  #MARKETING Do you want a feel of what Search Engine Optimization can do your website?
Wait a minute, I thought the captain was supposed to do down with the boat.
The New Vision is with Kasasa Umar.
In today’s New Vision, find out why relatives of the Pine murder relatives heckled court assessors over Ssebuwufu acquittal.
Hihihihihi lord hv mercy on us.
The Kireka based Rapid Response Unit, created to crack down on armed crime has been disbanded over the unproffesional conduct of the force's members.
Maria Musoke, the chief librarian, said the books were among those that struck a chord with the university’s new research-led teaching approach.
The election is due on Thursday February 18, 2016.
How safe are we.
Prayer: Disappointeth the devices of the crafty, so that their hands cannot perform their enterprise - Job5:12.
Hostages still held inside the university.
Frustrated by the poor attendance of plenary by Members of Parliament, the Deputy Speaker Jacob Oulanyah made a directive that all committees should stop business until the house has completed passing the 2014/2015 budget.
The New Vision is with Anthonia Litt.
There has been sporadic bursts of gunfire and blasts from the mall.
The New Vision is with Charles Okwalinga.
For the next 30 days, the Directorate of Citizenship and Immigration Control under the Ministry of Internal Affairs (MIA) shall be issuing passports to citizens who had earlier on applied but did not get them due to the shortage of passport books.
We are all victims !
Dr. Ruhakana Rugunda and former Prime Minister Amama Mbabazi accompanied by their wives Jocelyn Rugunda and Jacqueline Mbabazi arrive for the #MartyrsDay2018 celebrations at the Anglican Shrine.
The New Vision is with Bashiri Jumah Golola and Kanyesigye Anthony Mario.
M not from Phaneroo but I support the move of God.
Today'S weather is forecast to be Mostly Sunny.
The first division club said the president would play for about 20 minutes per match but not in each game, owing to his busy schedule.
Simply buy a raffle ticket at the BRIDE & GROOM EXPO 2017 and enter the draw to win a wedding worth UGX 80 Million.
We offer the best Dog related services in Uganda ranging from sale of pure breed puppies, Dog training, supply of guard dogs, veterinary services, boarding services, construction of world class standard kennels and many more services.
My sister would hire maids to do the housework and would insist that I supervise them and look after the children.
These things happen on their watch.
Get details on how MP Kato Lubwama has lost the first phase in a case against his academic qualifications.
ur relatives buy u shoes nt knwing ur size it doesn't mean that you tak them bac apply that method.
The Directorate of Public Prosecutions (DPP) is collecting crucial information communication technology (ICT) evidence against 10 terror suspects arrested last month in the city suburb of Kisenyi.
And what do you say about acts of homesextuality that is secretly being taught to our Ugandan school children in some schools in Uganda!
pls feel free contact us.
The New Vision is with Meddie Muhammad Sseremba.
New Vision's Norman Katende captured the different moments.
The land probe chairperson, Justice Catherine Bamugemereire, directed Abbas Mawanda to appear before the commission.
Laws and evidential burdens of proof make securing corruption–related convictions an uphill task.
The New Vision is with Nakuru Political Guru.
This looks more like intimidation than security.
Lord Mayor to be elected from division chiefs, councillors.
Jowali Waiswa, a resident of Kavule village in Imanyiro sub-county, was on Sunday expelled after his clan members complained about his act of marrying a relative, an act that is against the norms of the clan and the Busoga culture.
President Yoweri Museveni has taken the battle against poverty to the western sub-region of Tooro, mobilising the youth and women to embrace government programmes in the fight against poverty.
The Party was like a big garden that you don’t care for.
Uganda's first medal at the games; Uganda's first Olympic medal since 1996; Uganda's only gold since the Great John Akii Bua!
The safety of our customers is of the utmost importance to us.
The New Vision with Champion Bet.
Whats the purpose of this?
Find out how and which benefits in the New Vision.
The moment he was exradited to the USA, that was the end of him.
A judge revoked his probation last month and ordered a hearing in a May 12 hit-and-run case.
The tombs were gutted by fire on Tuesday night.
Some of our officers work with criminal gangs — Police https://vpg.
“On the first of August he received a three-year residence permit,” lawyer Anatoly Kucherena told reporters.
The Uganda national golf team maintained fourth place after day two action in the Africa Amateur Golf Team Championships at the 72 par-Limuru Golf and Country Club, in Kiambu County, Nairobi on Tuesday.
The graduates received the certificates at the colorful function attended by MUBS Prison Education Coordinator, Prof.
Captain what of your colleages.
And, according to officials, this bird, thought to be 66, is also expecting!
The lifting of the ban, long a glaring symbol of repression, is expected to be transformative for many women.
So make a list of all your exercise-loving friends, then see who fits this criteria.
I’M on edge, what should I do?
Parenting TIP: Encourage daddy time.
We need to go upstream and find out why they're falling in.
Former Mayor of Kampala, Hajji Nasser Ntege Ssebagala has been appointed Senior Presidential Advisor for Special Duties.
The New Vision is with Achen Pa'Anywar and 7 others.
Valid votes so far are 5,151,177, invalid votes cast are 264,518 (4.
✍️Write Sylvia Jjuuko 👉.
Bees keep us alive otherwise without them we are all dead!
The Right Reverend Bishop Hannington Mutebi waves to the pilgrims at the #MartyrsDay2018 celebrations.
Dear Father, I put this day in your hands, may your spirit be at work in me.
She is a Speaker of Parliament, a very strong member of the NRM party and there is no record of her being subversive in any way to warrant security to start trailing her,” Muruli added.
Let Them Tussle In Elections 2 Settle Their Differences.
The informal talks, mediated by the influential Catholic Church since December 8, are now expected to resume after a Christmas break with hopes of a deal by December 30.
Quick recovery uncle environment!
Ayiekoh said that the reigning champions would rely on their previous record against Kyambogo to overcome their rivals as they nurse ambitions to become the first side in four years to defend the UFL title.
The team recovered three AK 47 rifles from the suspects behind the killing of Cadet Officer Joseph Bigirwa.
Two years without a substantive Chief Justice and his deputy, MPs are now putting pressure on the executive to appoint a new head of Judiciary.
He should continue steering the country forward.
Exiled Gen David Sejusa resigns.
At least you were alert this time, continue investing in intelligence information so as to secure people and our properties.
Queen Elizabeth II's 99-year-old husband Prince Philip has undergone a successful heart procedure, Buckingham Palace said Thursday after he was transferred to a cardiac unit in London.
Remove from oven and cool completely on a rack.
Parents often want their children to grow up quickly.
Dissolve baking soda in hot water.
Nakawa High court Thursday dismissed a case filed by Zubairi Galiwango against Uganda’s football governing body (FUFA) executive.
9 million Ugandan shillings).
[Sponsored]: Our chef has laid out a special spread fit for a king and that’s you my friend.
Eighty per cent of Uganda’s bread winners are eating their way into an early grave, a Ugandan medic has revealed.
A new study published in the journal, BMC Medicine, concluded that diets that are high in processed meats would increase the risk of heart attack and stroke.
"Malaysia Airlines deeply regrets that we have to assume that MH370 ended in the southern Indian Ocean," the airline said in a statement to the families, citing new analysis of satellite data.
And yet over the years, Facebook has become an integral part of daily modern living, where business is made, where some marriages incubate and where serious activism goes on.
We break down the State of the Nation Address by the President.
If south Africans can fast be abused to pay tax.
The difference is that higher level of the population are vaccinated in European countries than in South Africa, even if SA have had access to vaccine.
‘We also note that 70% of teachers have received their first COVID-19 jab and at least 28% are fully vaccinated.
A source said the officers took local potent gin (Lira Lira) and they dozed off only to realise late in the night that the gun was missing.
Don'T forget to fix the Katwe flyover, but this time modernised to allow vehicles from kagujje move freely to access Kevina.
The New Vision is at Jinja Road.
“This win is a win for all women journalists in Uganda, and in Africa,” Kaija said after receiving the award from WAN-IFRA President, Michael Golden.
Age z jst ano.
The Democratic Party will not join the Inter-Party Co-operation (IPC), a loose alliance of political parties trying to field a joint candidate in next year’s general elections-http://bit.
Court will on September 25 start hearing a case in which three ministers are charged with causing loss of sh14b during the preparation for the 2007 CHOGM.
The royal wedding as it happened.
It hopes we've learned something from yesterday".
>How financially literate are you?
Irene Namatovu with Vaayo nzine.
The debt is 49 trillions the budget started by 38 trillions i december moved to 39 in january and in feb it if 41.
306,507 students sat the exam, 2,060 of whom had their results cancelled for malpractice while 38 registered/sat in Luzira Prisons, the best there scoring aggregate 20.
thier toy boys cant handle it any longer.
Court has told Former presidential candidate, Dr. Kizza Besigye, to seek audience before the judge who swore him in as President.
🇳🇬 Whoever becomes the next leader of #Nigeria, Africa's most populous country and leading oil producer, faces a daunting to-do list.
Here is his ordeal.
Past is past don't take us back in yr early stone age history.
Considered as one of the most dangerous places to practice journalism, personnel from security institutions in Somalia are undergoing training on how to enhance relations with the media, thanks to the relative peace ushered in by the African Union.
She was involved in pastoral Ministry/leadership of the parish, had the zeal to improve the lives of the poor and self-motivated among other things.
Amen this 20th March, 2021 and more days yet to come.
Then if you are to continue to mpigi, my dear!
The New Vision is with Africa Youth Movement (AYM) and 3 others.
Parliament has asked the Govt to give over sh9b to medical workers for lunch allowance.
Does the constitution give powers to museveni?
There is one God.
Well, Ssenga Hamidah will today give you pre-wedding counselling.
Find out in the New Vision.
This is the ugly side of society.
They have too much love for the animals, but hate fellow humans.
Kampala Central MP Nsereko battling sh2.
People pay bribes to meet ministers, according to the Second Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Public Service, Henry Kajura http://ow.
We have known it that, you are there.
The recent promises he made this year, he can't even explain where the UG Shillings 80billion for masks disappeared!
Bukedde TV in collaboration with Fortebet is pleased to offer its clients a world-class show and betting experience in Uganda!
The New Vision is with Senfuka Bashir and 2 others.
The Police have started investigating the circumstances in which 2 children in the same neighbourhood were murdered by cutting their throats before their bodies were dumped.
The traders are also relieved that a number of private container freight stations (CFSs) in Mombasa gave a 100 per cent waiver on storage charges for transit that could not be cleared for weeks following a trade stand-off over imposition of a particular cash bond as opposed to the usually general bo.
Is this government capable of doing anything using government man power and technical know how?
Wait when court rules that there is no case to answer, because the principal signatory to the accounts can't forge his own signature!
Police are probing a shooting incident which led to the death of an Italian national.
The councillors that have shown interest in the position of the speaker include Doreen Nyanjura, Abubaker Kawalya and Muhammad Ssegirinya.
Uganda zabu , coz if it All u still have pupils of the nation who attend classes from mango trees shade but u go on and waste taxpayers money in such a way then I question ur integrity, countries like uganda we are not yet their coz ask ur self how many pupils in uganda can afford to buy phones maybe minister is considering Kampala as uganda.
Uganda is potentially the largest food basket, not only for the E.African region but also Africa.
The New Vision is at Rwakitura.
Follow the link for details.
Try keeping your “entertainment/dating” budget separate but equal, even after you start combining other finances.
As the enemy's arrow aims towards the financial and social aspects of our lives, please be our shield and see us through victoriously.
He will be carrying the East African flag in all his tournaments.
Experts have warned Ugandans against self-medication and use of herbal medicine, arguing that the practices cause acute kidney injury, which may progress into chronic kidney disease.
God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him.
What you need to know about those tubes.
Gen Levi Karuhanga in Makindye Tuesday.
Ya dey hv tried 2 shw maturity.
Got a skill that can earn you some money or a job?
Do you think rich people should do more to give back to their communities and less advantaged people?
Education minister and First Lady Mrs. Janet Museveni says learners who are not in candidate classes will continue studying from home.
But that will all have to wait a little longer because Anita Kyarimpa from Kabale was declared winner of the 2013 Miss Uganda Western Regional finals held at the Big Fun Centre in Mbarara on Saturday night.
The New Vision is with Immanuel Serato and 4 others.
Government has maintained the ban on the exportation of agricultural produce to the European Union (EU) market following persistent complaints over their poor quality.
Not surprisingly, people have been speculating about what their second child will be named since Kim's pregnancy was announced on May 31… but rest assured, the little lad won't be named "South West".
Details of this story in the NewVision.
Details in the New Vision 👉#EPAPER; https://is.
Surround yourself with only people who are going to lift you higher.
Hundreds throng Kampala Sheraton Hotel to audition for Tusker Project Fame Season 6.
Fierce fighting still raging in the Capital.
The MPs say that a review is necessary to know what is lacking, since a many of them are receiving complaints from their constituents about its inadequacy.
But it took an unwavering passion for what he believed in – photography, for him to get this far.
The New Vision is with Tobby Heist.
Uganda has recorded ‘slight progress’ in reducing child and maternal mortality, according to new child and maternal mortality estimates released by UNICEF and the World Health Organization.
What does his mean for the employees?
Find more details in the New Vision.
Let go of yesterday.
Prison authorities are investigating circumstances under which a man spent two days in Luzira Women’s Prison ward.
Very many Countries would have adopted that sense a long time ago but it also aint easy to ignore the outcome of closing borders .
Grab yourself a copy of New Vision for details #EPAPER - https://vpg.
Dr Peter Li, from Humane Society International, who led the rescue, told Sky News: "We came to this slaughterhouse to find it shut, but there were dogs barking inside.
Spice Diana on stage.
In a ground-breaking operation, a team of pioneering surgeons from Stellenbosch University (SU) and Tygerberg Hospital performed the first successful penile transplant in the world.
I wish every information or comment should be on a paper whether about the Church or the government.
Kalonzo Musyoka, the running mate of one of Kenya's two front-runners in a presidential race has said the ballot count lacks integrity and should stop, comments that could inflame a largely peaceful election so far.
Grainy pic here taken by Elvis from the opposite building.
But then, why would they celebrate before the arrival of the baby, given the delicate nature of a pregnancy.
He is Dominic #Ongwen.
Three suspects have been arrested in connection yesterday's robbery in Nansana in which two people were shot dead on the spot and several others wounded at a hardware shop.
The UK Royal wedding has kept the whole world glued to TV.
Using the Sinking Boat theory.
It is a day to honour your roots.
Transfer to a plate.
My hope is in you.
Find out how NDA could be in trouble in Saturday Vision #EPAPER- https://epaper.
Sierra Leone's normally chaotic capital was transformed on Friday as residents were confined to their homes for the start of a three-day lockdown aimed at halting the deadly Ebola epidemic.
All floors of the building in our control" he added.
Ssemuju beats them all.
Is there any hope that the nuclear contamination will ever be cleaned?
Martyrs’ Day: Would you give up your life for Christ?
Grab yourself a copy of the New Vision for first hand News here- https://vpg.
University Guide - informing your choice for higher education.
Kayihura hits back at USA on sanctions, says he worked with American FBI on operations and even received a medal from the US.
#NRMCaucus agrees with the President.
Join THE GREAT ILLUMINATI IN any where you are in the whole word today ; TO BE RICH AND FAMOUS whatsapp us on +2348130944146.
Fifa President visits Ethiopian Youth Sports Academy, spending time with some of the country’s best young talents.
Where are cuban doctors my friend?
U can ezily notice a states man by actions, xracter and wisdom.
During the meeting at State House Nakasero on Sunday, the envoys hailed the agreement reached on the Congo conflict as well as the joint statement issued after the ICGLR summit in Kampala over the weekend.
Kampala City Council Authority Football Club has landed a sh700m three-year shirt sponsorship deal with digital pay TV, StarTimes ahead of their participation in the CAF champion’s league.
Make sure car seats are installed correctly, and insist that your child wear a helmet when riding his bike or scooter.
Cranes 1-0 win in yesterday's match against Madagascar has excited President Yoweri #Museveni @kagutamuseveni.
The Police have arrested two in connection with fleecing employees of a city bureau of sh550m, after duping them into a bogus deal.
Picture Courtesy of www.
Will Eden Hazard sign a new contract at Stamford Bridge?
12' ⚽️ REDCARD - EDERSON SENT OFF!
Embattled US comedian Bill Cosby admitted having drugged at least one woman with Quaaludes to have sex with her, in court documents unsealed Monday.
Get details of how the campaign will be carried out and how you can participate and improve your life.
Bishop Cyprian Bamwoze, the retired bishop of Busoga Diocese, is a man of all seasons.
Rest and find other things to do.
Do american belive in hackers?
In fact it was in a strong rain fall I was at Grand imperial hotel after lunch hours.
Going through trauma and pain can break your will but Doreen's story emulates sheer resilience and why we ought to celebrate the women in our community.
#2021Recap: President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni warned detractors saying that Uganda is ungovernable.
However, he insists that we get married, saying age is just a number.
But that will never change what Desh kananira did.
Lilian Gashumba, represents Uganda at the Miss Grand international 2015 pageant, happening in Huamark, Bangkok Thailand.
Pastor Robert Prays for President Yoweri Museveni, lifting his family, that the Lord gives them peace, more wisdom and knowledge, & asks God to remove every wrong person around him.
Happening NOW: Just a few minutes to the kick off.
A healthy a.m. meal, on the other hand, can give you energy, satisfy your appetite, and set the stage for smart decisions all day long.
HALF TIME : Uganda 1 Kenya 0.
We have compiled photos of events that shaped this eventful year - from politics to health, lifestyle and sports.
Fought Iran-Iraq war and the Persian Gulf War.
I was totally sleepless, but I could not sit up.
Meanwhile tomorrow's paper is out and you gotta check it out.
Please check out his fb page to see more.
Makerere University chancellor Prof.
It is also fun, cheap and good for the environment.
Teri kubba mere ya ba volunarable.
Think clowd of thick smoke is billowing out in the air.
With all the chances they have had, it is fair to say the goal margin should be bigger.
Assess his performance a year later.
But his style proves most essential in interpersonal moments.
✝️🙏🏽 The late Archbishop of the #Orthodox Church of #Uganda, Metropolitan Jonah Lwanga, was Monday laid to rest at St. Nicholas Cathedral, Namungoona.
So the hutus in rwanda wanted to eliminate tutsi?
2% compared to the 4.
He just didn't have a better way of breaking an 8yr old secret to you.
Why is Ugandan President always wearing bulging shirts .
For intelligent one's ONLY, atakimanyi tozuunga.
The New Vision added 15 new photos — with Wagubi Andrew and Willz Oxy.
The New Vision is with Kalisto Lolmingani.
Why not take a small group?
Violent demonstrations and arson attacks that burnt down campus buildings forced at least three South African universities to shut their doors on Thursday in a new wave of student protests.
-Father’S Day Readers thank dads.
It'S seems there is a group of people who wants that position therefore it's your strategy to distort him through your fake and mafia papers.
DETAILS to follow on www.
Your wife is not your father's wife.
Listen to that pig banange, alowooza atuyamba okujja, he feared the Ugandas genocide, let him come and feel the Ugandas way of living.
The New Vision is with Roderick Ahimbazwe and Violet Nabatanzi Mukisa.
But voters did not choose him as a leader.
What and where is this place?
Guess who is back on stage and very popular!
Museveni who is the chief mediator on the peace talks In Burundi, was briefed on the progress of the negotiations by Mkapa.
#Burundi Women taking the lead in the anti 3rd term protests.
He has also announced the suspension of all the activities of the group to ensure the safety of supporters, its leaders, and Ugandans in the wake of the pandemic.
The commissioning of the building is held under the theme: "Skills development for an effective public service: A key driver for social-economic transformation".
He is a presidential material.
Tubonga nawe your only the Man a mong them.
🇺🇬🇨🇳 #China’s new ambassador to #Uganda, Zhang Lizhong, has got down to work after arriving on Thursday.
The New Vision added 26 new photos.
Dokolo district Woman MP Cecilia Ogwal has said Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) presidential candidate and leader of opposition in Parliament Nathan Nandala Mafabi is unfit to lead the party.
Get details to this story in today's New Vision.
President Yoweri Museveni has blamed Ugandans on the soaring COVID-19 infections, saying, he continuously warned them but they failed to listen to his pleas.
The youth, under Busoga Youth Leaders Association (BUYOLA), said the commission’s delay in coming up with a draft constitution has caused anxiety among the people.
Coat wraps with nonstick cooking spray.
Which girl in her 20’s would not want to bear a child for a mega superstar like Diamond Platnumz, the Tanzanian superstar?
The problem in Uganda of today is the inability to understand that the current government will never welcome and implement any policy that will financially enhance or empower the common Ugandans.
This was revealed on Tuesday by officials from the Ministry of Finance headed by the accountant general, Gastavio Bwoch, who pleaded with Parliament to help them recover the money.
There is no active shooter situation and no lockdown, but the police has cordoned off the area.
Tibatemwa, a professor of law who came to the limelight when she was voted to deputise Prof.
#Technologyreview: Tecno’s Phantom A+ smart phone Unveiled.
Buying Agent Uganda: Importing from anywhere in the world made easy!
When we said we were searching for twins with talent, Kato David and Babirye Deborah did their preparations.
The world has gone wild for sure.
"To prove to the world that I'm greater than you let me bend over ".
if u know u know.
A requiem mass has been held at Rubaga Cathedral in Kampala for the late Chris Kassami, the former Finance PS and Secretary to the treasury.
He could have lost his last fight to Mate Zsamboki but kick boxer Moses Golola is yet to lose his humor and verbal artillery.
Who has more apetite than museve?
He says it's so he can start the New Year fresh with me.
Agony: Won't she leave me again!
How KAWEESI WAS KILLED.
Mechanic Carlos Rodriguez, 29, calls to relatives to open the water for his high-pressure cleaner, as he washes the bottom of a Russian-made Moscovich car in downtown Havana, Cuba February 19, 2015.
Kyoka the reporter at vision had better style up!
Because u use cheap flights dats y u loose your luggage.
The Uganda National Oil Company Limited (NOC) is seeking to recruit a chief executive officer, other top officials and staff for the company.
Stephen Kiprotich had his busiest Monday ever this week, a day after he stunned the world by winning the marathon gold on the final day of the 2012 Olympics.
Budget: BEYOND THE NUMBERS.
KCCA need to go up a gear – They just don’t look dangerous at the moment.
Depends on the situation.
The army is looking forward to enlisting at least 150 professionals in the categories of doctors, nurses and lawyers under the three-day exercise that closes on Wednesday.
Stir in flour, chocolate chips, and nuts.
Ghana POLLS: Results processing is taking place all over Ghana to find out who the new President will be?
It will be a dark brown, similar to chocolate.
Kiwanda said this year's Christmas should be themed appreciating wildlife.
Fire reported at Workers' House in Kampala.
Get yourself a free copy in the New Visionfor details #EPAPER- https://epaper.
You got to love this!
If it survives, then it's a healthy and good one, if it dies.
He described the events as a coup.
The country is set for IAAF World Cross Country Championships tomorrow.
The extension was expected.
National budget: Works, security, education to take lion's share.
How many can you do with both hands and all fingers on the ground?
I hate this date.
The gratitude you feel inside also predicts your partner’s level of satisfaction.
You should have tried MP Ibanda .
The New Vision is with Ntale Muhammad and 3 others.
Do not miss your copy of the New Vision.
Fr Joseph Lugalambi explains why he disagrees with Pastor Solomon Male's thoughts on the institution of marriage, polygamy, divorce and remarriage, adultery.
Get his recent battle, only in the New Vision.
President Yoweri Museveni, the Commander-in-Chief of the armed forces, is also expected to be at Bombo barracks to preside over the events.
A circumcised man should have sex after one and a half months, according to Kanaabi, a safe circumcision mobiliser.
Foreigners are marrying Ugandan women in order to acquire citizenship, residential permits, as well as facilitate dubious transactions, including drug trafficking.
Get the story in the Saturday Vision.
The security operation to end the siege, now on day 3, is ongoing.
This recklessness can only stop if there is little or nothing to steal from the coffers.
Thousands of Ugandans working abroad as casual labourers are suspected to be using forged certificates of good conduct.
Especially how to associate with these old people in Parliament.
I have never understood how competent officers can be intimidated, I think it is just a sign of their incompetency.
The question is, What can you do after detecting?
This picture was taken on one of the main roads in Kampala city.
• Assembling at Kololo Airstrip starting from 6.
7% of the world population is drunk – Meaning at least 50 million people are drunk right now.
I have a feeling there r few Goverment projects with out scandals.
🔊 Ahead of #InternationalWomensDay, we are sharing stories of inspirational women.
The Pearl of Africa has been playing good boy.
Find story in the New Vision #EPAPER-https://vpg.
This program is for Africans dictionary.
Is your institution safe?
U were our star and hero.
Members of drugs theft syndicate.
Project in 2012, power tariffs have remained significantly high due to low consumption.
We shall also tell the world about your dad 😉 bit.
Kasirye maintains that he did not commit the crime, arguing that those who accused him only took advantage of his disability to incriminate him.
He said the shelling had taken place on Thursday and Friday in residential areas close the frontlines in Benghazi, which has seen heavy fighting in some neighbourhoods over the past two years.
The outgoing Uganda Police operations director, Asuman Mugenyi, has said that his retirement from the force has been a process which does not necessarily mean that he has quit for good.
So, like Naluwooza, the frustration you feel with your job now might just be your ticket to financial freedom and prosperity.
Says; "Now we are going to have big #MegaCityProject, bigger than Namanve whose money was stolen by officials".
Supermodels including Gigi Hadid and Romee Strijd strutted down the runway in the Italian fashion capital on Saturday wearing Missoni's variation on the pointy-eared hats which featured her signature bold stripes around the brims.
Bake in a 400 degree F oven for 10 to 15 minutes or until light brown.
✈️ Uganda's new planes are set to be delivered less than two weeks from now, with Uganda Airlines operations expected to start in April.
Even Samsung & Apple.
Pyongyang may be preparing for no less than a space launch, US officials told the media, citing recently obtained satellite imagery of a site around the Sohae Satellite Launching Station – and it may come sooner than later.
Kayihura faces death sentence over guns.
Happy to be part of the contributors to this achievement!
Congo-Brazzaville incumbent President Denis Sassou Nguesso has been declared the winner of the presidential election, which the opposition denounced as rigged.
Fdc presidential flag bearer, Dr. Kizza Besigye and the party spokesperson Ssemujju Nganda have been arrested as they left their homes.
1986: The syndicated talk show ran nationally for 25 seasons from 1986 to 2011.
There are a myriad acts the societies in the West do that we frown on or even detest.
Christmas is festive time where many travel to their home villages.
The Lands minister, Beti Kamya, has officially joined the National Resistance Movement (NRM) party.
Get the full story in New Vision #EPAPER- https://vpg.
Show your child how to become a responsible citizen.
When was the last time Europeans had tribal clashes?
The New Vision is with Mayanja Yuda.
Real we must take it.
For two months, Immaculate Nanyonjo has been sleeping on her belly and cannot .
The New Vision is with Obong Geoffrey Ogang and 29 others.
City businessman Hassan Basajjabalaba reportedly paid for 18 acres of land belonging to the Uganda Broadcasting Corporation (UBC) before the board decided to sell.
2382 are needed for victory.
Oprah Winfrer is very diligent.
In France, meanwhile, referee Jesus Gil Manzano is stamping his authority.
this calls for an urgent reform within the institution.
thanks to the facebook developers on making this matching app for couples.
That was all the crew that had been anxiously awaiting his return needed, and the ever-smiling Denzel rushed to them with a confidence that only he could exude.
Bake for about 10 minutes in the preheated oven, or until edges are nicely browned.
Unvaccinated health workers should not be granted access to their workplaces and those with one jab encouraged to complete the doses according to the Ministry of Health.
Whether dead or not the matter of fact is, we are all going.
Ugandan YouTube content creators may see up to 24% deduction in monthly earnings starting June 2021.
Namata, a resident of Najeera in Kira municipality, Wakiso district is facing two counts of cyber harassment and offensive communication which she denied knowledge.
Jan 25,1986 - 1st High Command meeting at Lubiri chaired by NRA guerrilla leader Museveni , then based at Bulange, after Gen.
Enjoy nonstop music🎶, movies🎬 & sports⚽️ 24/7 from northern #Uganda🇺🇬 on Vision Group Uganda's new TV station.
Today is Disability Day!
At a time when operators are postponing or cutting investments in the roll-out of 4G networks amid a challenging economic climate, Nokia has seen strong sales growth in China which has compensated in part for declines in North America and Europe.
It is exactly one year since the tragedy befell the country when a boat – MV Templar, carrying over 100 people, capsized, killing over 30 people on Lake Victoria.
Museveni referring to me as a‘pumpkin seed’was not favouritism-Bigirimana.
It also came a day after a fresh warning from Israel that the regime can't be trusted, and a fresh promise from Washington that Iran won't become a nuclear-armed state.
Be The First To Know!
A decommissioned bridge collapsed in central China Sunday leaving three workers missing, state media reported.
We students paid tuition but aren't studying because of them.
The deputy Police chief, Brig.
The Late Molly Blick (right), mother to Maggie Kigozi at the 20th anniversary of Pepsi at Serena Hotel in Kampala.
Journalist Lukyamuzi said the late trained people like former Uganda Cranes star David Obua and musician-cum-politician Daniel Kazibwe aka Ragga Dee, the former Kampala Lord Mayor contestant.
South Sudan factions agree joint troop deployment.
to be as challenging as 2014".
Bubulo west NRM candidates invade pork, malwa joints and burials to hunt for votes.
Find all this is the New Vision.
Give your partner the benefit of the doubt, but if it’s really bothering you, don’t be afraid to bring it up.
Awaken me in body and spirit each day with a desire to meet with you and to hear you speak words of affirmation, assurance and wisdom over my heart as I prepare to go into my day.
Sixty people have been arrested in Kisenyi, a Kampala suburb, following a swoop by police on Sunday night (February 21).
The doctors also advised that during this rest, he seeks a full and thorough medical review; and referred him to South Africa.
the Chairperson Makerere university Council Eng.
Government has banned foreign investors from operating small businesses following complaints from traders that some investors were engaged in petty businesses that Ugandans are already doing.
In HER VISION: FEMALE GENITAL MUTILATION, UPROOTING THE EVIL IN SEBEI.
He beat out the evergreen Kampala mayor, Nasser Ssebaggala, to come within spitting distance of his long held ambition to run for the presidency of this country.
She falls in love with an art school dropout named Collin James, who's richer in talent than gainful employment.
Especially when i remember that The maj.
The said machine [grader] was never supplied yet the money was issued to Desh.
Ar u gonna do 4 ugandanz dat u couldnot do wn u wea da general secretary!
Ochieng who traveled all the way from Kenya to have a chance of meeting Besigye again during the 15th-anniversary celebrations of FDC at Namboole National Stadium managed to hook up with his look-alike again.
Speaker Kadaga has revealed that sh24b meant for a bridge connecting Kayunga to Kamuli has been swindled.
According to Irish Times, the government withdrew the aid on Friday following the disappearance of sh13.
The WikiLeaks founder has been holed up in the Ecuadoran embassy in London since 2012, seeking to avoid extradition to Sweden.
The New Vision is with Julie Ann A. Estrada and Phillyndah Wildblingbling.
In 1982, #Uganda recorded the first case of a disease that would later become one of the key health & development challenges of our times.
The New Vision is with Asiimire Julian and Jusheal Josephine.
Expelled #NRM MPs vow to defy court ruling barring them from accessing parliament premises or engaging in proceedings.
Staff at Kyambogo University risk missing a salary should the university take long to re-open.
#Nairobi mall terror attack: Death toll rises to 59 as shots are fired on troops preparing hostage rescue operation.
A lord with electoral duty:Security bonds or bribes for Police.
"In exercise of its powers under section 88 [1] [a] and [b] of the financial institutions act 2004, bank of Uganda has effective today July 25, taken over the management of global trust bank [U] Ltd," the statement read in part.
30% boda boda riders're either thieves or accomplices.
A fetus in the womb hears mostly low-frequency sounds, which may explain humanity's love of bass in music.
“That report is not true.
Thick SMOKE CUT OFF MASAKA HIGH WAY, CAUSING AN ACCIDENT INVOLVING SEVERAL CARS WITH SEVERAL PASSENGERS SUSTAINING INJURIES.
This year a belated feast is set for February 28 at a hotel in the prime resort town of Victoria Falls where guests will be served with game meat donated by a local farmer.
# bring back our girls!
Any kind of business normally need licence and registration, so the authorities can follow up the activities.
This is an other useless paper,why didn't you sympatheise with him in accident?
He will be heading to Entebbe State House to sign the bill shortly.
Issues of the lady claiming to have given birth to five sets of twins are taking a new twist after her husband Batte spoke out and refuted the claims.
#Entertainment: Chris Brown suffers a seizure blamed on emotional stress.
The New Vision added 52 new photos.
Read about the Mayanja's violent legacy in Ugandan music industry here:.
being careful not to #sparter,.
For long this story will be told.
This guy isnt a beggar, he is a cobler!
Am humbled by H.E's humility!
A country which has never done drugs should throw the first rock.
The 23-year-old defender was arrested on Wednesday night at Istanbul’s Ataturk Airport for allegedly trying to smuggle drugs into the country.
Dp members who were working with People Power have been given a nod.
Evn the way he wz declared jst shows his results were so plastic.
Vitoria Guimaraes' Burkinabe forward Nii Plange (L) falls on his face during the UEFA Europa League group I football match Olympique Lyonnais (OL) vs Vitoria Guimaraes on October 3, 2013, at the Gerland Stadium in Lyon, central-eastern France.
The Constitutional Court has fixed May 16, 2013 to hear an application in which the four MPs expelled from NRM are seeking to be joined as a party to a constitutional petition challenging the Speaker of Parliament, Rebecca Kadaga’s ruling that she is not constitutionally mandated to dismiss them from Parliament.
What if you get married to a person who will bore you for the rest of your days on earth?
Not so much of tv fun bt way 2go.
It noted that the "exact causes" of a crash of a 737 MAX aircraft operated by Indonesian airline Lion Air in October for the loss of 189 lives were still being investigated.
A Silicon Valley jury has ruled that Samsung must pay $290m (£180m) to Apple for copying iPhone and iPad features in its devices.
People get saved .
🇧🇩 Police have recovered 32 bodies after a loaded ferry caught fire in southern #Bangladesh.
Things are right on schedule in your life, no matter how much you have an urge to rush around today.
Angee had spent close to 10 years without seeing her family in Gulu.
They can't do that ,they are very pipo who are reselling them.
Read more in the New Vision 🗞️ —.
Government will have no alternative but to sell off city businessman Hassan Basajjabalaba's properties in order to recover sh21b debt that he owes it.
Brazil player scores in own net.
The system’s preliminary design will be created in accordance with the proposal,” the CEO said as quoted by TASS.
The New Vision is with Arnold Barry Vocello and 15 others.
We are good friends and she is also married.
Hapless Micronesia are struggling to stay positive after being thumped 38-0 by Fiji at the Pacific Games, just days after conceding 30 goals to Tahiti.
Party spokesperson Okello Lucima rooted for the scrapping of the scheme, which oiled the country’s education for many years, on the grounds that the government scholarships schemes benefit a few well-to-do students, a trend that has chocked its essence.
The New Vision is with Friyyo Wízkìd Prëzzô.
Countdown to RIO2016 starts.
When Ethan displays the art, the show attracts the attention of the police.
The next thing u will be posting mbu the woman is underminding me, shez desrespectful bla blah blah or hav u forgotten your your inferiority complex as men.
Brands -- owner of Kentacky Fried Chicken, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut -- is expanding into Tanzania, Zimbabwe and Uganda .
He coached India some years ago.
Only rich Ugandans will come and lam sure they will infect us with COVID coz they won't go for mandatory 14 days !
Details of this in Wednesday's New Vision.
Government to revive Airline, Government trying to revive UCB, Lets hope after 30yrs, the goats in power are finally owning their past mistakes and are trying to do things right this time round!
The Kampala Sun painstakingly details an autopsy showing how the comedian recklessly abandoned himself to a life of women, sex, alcohol and wild parties that are now threatening to crash him.
I THINK THIS WAS THE FIRST ANSWER of all they have said.
Obama walked with his wife, Michelle, his two daughters and his mother-in-law down the tarmac at Buenos Aires' Ezeiza International Airport, before Air Force One took off at 12:11 am (0311 GMT).
“Collecting plastic waste does not stop at keeping the environment clean.
KIZZA BESIGYE KIFEFE AS PRESIDENT 2016-2021.
#Sports: Jose Mourinho looks on as Chelsea players celebrate a goal in their 2-0 win over Hull.
7Pm - KICK OFF Live coverage http://t.
More: At least 5 hostages are reported held by gunman in eastern Paris kosher grocery store.
A millitary officer in police forces?
Ugandan veterinarian awarded top UN environmental accolade.
#Lifehack: recent study found out that listening to your favourite song before going to bed makes you fall asleep faster.
The New Vision is with Koma Lydia and 3 others.
Then they won't easily break those rules.
The passport mechanism will be used by East African Community citizens for international travels.
so i want to about so much every one is aware where he is.
The incident happened at Geregere village in Lugazi town, Buikwe district.
In order to protect the remaining forests, New Vision is running a two-week campaign dubbed “Save Uganda, Protect Our Forests” that began on May 20.
For a complete digital copy go to;http://bit.
Father, we thank you for another day.
Former Nansana police boss Mohammed Kirumira has been posted to Kasese to head Bwera police station.
Kagame looks to be promoting one by one genocide against all opposition members.
The ruling ends a six months freeze on the trials of corruption cases pending the resolution of this petition on the Constitutionality of the anti-corruption court with magistrates annexed to it.
Over sh13b was withdrawn on signatures that did not accurately correspond to the specimen signatures of the Office of the Prime Minister (OPM) Permanent Secretary and Under Secretary, MPs have heard.
Derived from the Greek word "genos", for race or tribe, and the suffix "cide" from the Latin for "to kill", genocide is defined by the United Nations as an "act committed with intent to destroy in whole or in part, a national, ethnic, racial or religious group".
The New Vision added 67 new photos.
#Betawards is on in the #UK & AFRICA right now!
Ifdc employees are frauds, u provide them with your service but when it reaches payment time they start saying stories and being rude in addition.
When asked why she is not in a relationship, Barbara Namuddu said boyfriends make girls fat and hence chose to avoid them.
Developing STORY: David Obua has been ordered to leave the Cranes camp over indiscipline.
Share with is what is happening where you are.
That'S all about opening stock and good capital.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat.
Read the court’s ruling on Ssematimba’s education in New Vision #EPAPER -https://vpg.
Lokodo who was officially launching a half day workshop organized by the Directorate for Ethics and Integrity (DEI), Uganda AIDS Commission and Family Life Network, a Non-Government Organisation (FLN) at Fairway Hotel in Kampala said what the local artist went through was ‘total malice’.
The New Vision added 3 new photos — in Luzira.
Teri bukulu butava eri Mukama, Katonda amukulembere mu byonna!
Me and myself are at war with each other because of facebook addiction,, I don't know which me shall win but facebook is a major source of knowledge.
Juliet Nalukenge climbs to the top of the scoring charts after finding the net six times as Uganda's women's under-17 football side punish host nation Mauritius.
There is no war at the Uganda- Rwanda border, but residents have spoken out.
Dr Kizza Besigye has polled 1,767,041 (34.
That is why they have resorted to fights that have sometimes led to deaths,” a district chairman explains.
After all they are the ones who brought the virus.
Find out when this will start in New Vision #EPAPER- https://epaper.
The visit of Pope Francis that was referred to in some sections of the media is also not yet confirmed," says Archbishop Lwanga.
Police are hunting for a Sudanese student who stabbed a head boy of St. Micheal Ssonde S.S to death over a suspension he got for sneaking a phone in school.
The ground look empty.
"Chipolopolo on way to Airport.
These include; three from Amuru, two from Kyotera, one from Buikwe, one from Nakaseke.
- Koboko RDC, 5 family members die in an accident.
and trst me his kids cud not afford that only some one who can b there 24 7 had to come in.
Transfer coated chicken to a shallow baking dish.
He also debunked claims that the jab makes people infertile.
You think Ugandan are happy about this 37 year with one one family of M7.
The remains of the four Buganda kings buried in the Kasubi tombs that were destryed by a fire, are intact, according to the Katikkiro JB Walusimbi.
On hii ndio njia bora.
It is currently known as Plot 3665 to Plot 3672.
Top 5 &5 fastest head to final.
Moses Kiprotich on CNN tomorrow, 4.
Anne was renowned for performing to her signature track You’re Gorgeous.
But has anyone ever bothered to teach the boys about sexual immorality?
Security personnel recovered a stethoscope, drugs, blood samples from patients, surgical gloves, blades, syringes, a clinical guide book and a book with the title, Where There is no Doctor from his clinic.
This is why the ministry of internal affairs has written to the chief justice, requesting him to appoint, in his wisdom, a senior judicial officer to do that," Attorn.
Find teh story in today's New Vision.
The President made the commitment this morning as he met the Kenyan Deputy President at Mubende State Lodge, says Wanyama Don Innocent the Senior Press Secretary to the President.
Teach me to trust in you always even when things look impossible.
And when the POLICE issues alert sirens you burp out ugly.
R.I.P Honourable Aronda Nyakairima.
Five of these are truck drivers and three of them are alerts and contacts.
Marcelo Needs To Score As Well, To Curb Scolari Anger.
Stir beef into vegetables and season with soy sauce and sesame seeds.
Get your free pull out in the New Vision.
Get the full story in Saturday Vision.
Being abusive of successful people has never made any one successful.
#Gameonx: Discussing sport - Motocross, football, golf and Formula One.
My parents died when I was in P3, which is 12 years ago.
The minister of state for disaster preparedness Musa Ecweru has warned of a possible cholera outbreak in some parts of Kasese district which were affected by the floods.
The New Vision is with Patrick Sega.
Legendary dramatist Sam Bagenda aka Dr. Bbosa has denied fathering a six-year old child, and even declined requests for a DNA test.
Use gift-giving occasions as an opportunity to encourage your partner to try something new.
Lines and more lines.
Michael Birungi believes that the support offered to him by fellow players, coaches and administrators has helped him to become a better player.
4% in 2006 to 7.
Ura impounds 15 suspected stolen luxury vehicles from the UK.
Implementation & bribery da prob, even officers causing accident by running after motorcyclist eg in tororo they ova reader so wat is da fine 4 such?
You'Ll always be a hero 2 A'cans.
The New Vision is with Crome K Benedict.
Such a person deserves a slap in the face.
The State House health monitoring unit is investigating the death of a Mityana patient who passed on after failing to pay a doctor.
The Inter Party Coalition (IPC) candidate, Lucy Akello, has won the Amuru Parliamentary byelections.
Wabula abanyankole babye egwanga lino obutalilekera yadde akantu.
He is good at cooking malehwa because we are Bagisu.
Is it a greeting in teso or what?
Last weekend Gulu district chairman Norbert Mao was elected the Democratic Party president at the delegates conference in Mbale.
Why would they want to upset you or hurt you?
Nssf and Uganda Revenue Authority are locked in sh49b tax dispute after the former objected to attempts by the tax body to impose a levy on the pension paid out to beneficiaries, MPs heard yesterday.
Would you be interested to study in India, China, Malaysia or Singapore?
Uganda is not TZ or KY.
Last year, 7,564 defilement cases and 709 rape cases were reported, according to the 2010 crime report.
The pair married in 1941 in a secret wedding because their families did not approve of the relationship.
He also added that he covered 95% of the places he was supposed to have covered.
The United Nations announced Tuesday it has raised more than $370 million for its emergency fund to help respond to crises in 2021.
A country hosts more than its capability just because they want international favor and political respect.
Well, WTF I am or we are!
This is the group that fear retirement than death.
New Road Law: The PROPOSED law, under clause 69, says a person who, on any public road, walks on the road under the influence of alcohol is liable, on conviction, to a fine not exceeding 2,000 currency points (about sh40m).
President-Elect Yoweri Museveni will today(WED) attend the 17th ordinary summit for the East African Community Heads of State where among others things leaders will launch the new International East African electronic passport.
Kauma asks Ssebagala: "Which other countries do u say similar case happened?
could be miss uganda!
Emergency services said Mbage was found unconscious on a street in Lavapies by police on patrol.
They are in thousands but can't advocate for their rights.
Iso BURSTS CAR ROBBERY GANG .
14 interns from various universities have started their internship programme today at New Vision.
The Archbishop of the Church of Uganda Stanley Ntagali wedded the couples at All Saints Church in Kampala.
How much money were you paid to advertise this cult?
The Government, through the Uganda Development Corporation, has set aside sh11b to operate an anti-tick vaccine manufacturing industry at the Namanve Industrial Area.
At least 700,000 Ugandan couples will access family planning services under a five year programme “Accelerating Rise in contraceptive Prevalence Rates (ARC)”.
After the seven-hour operation at Sir J.J. Hospital in Mumbai, Ashik Gavai now has 28 teeth.
“Let the Church goers occupy the front seats before the corrupt arrive and the religious leaders should be bold to tell them point-blank to stop stealing taxpayers’ money,” - John Kikonyogo, the FDC deputy spokesperson.
Ur just sitting ducks finishing air in out country.
He takes home a cash prize of Shs.
Visit Urban Cityblue Hotel & CityBlue Hotels website via: www.
I cannot wait for that Museveni speech blaming him for a certain storm which is brewing.
Several bathers were really afraid, the dolphin even lifted up a woman bather with his snout.
Soroti Municipality MP Mike Mukula has hailed President Yoweri Museveni as a strong leader whose relevance in Uganda’s politics still counts and cannot be swept away by any political tide.
He is not God to know that!
Forum for Democratic Change president Dr. Kizza Besigye was beaten today by the Police and stick-wielding men at the Clock Tower in Kampala.
The vehicle had a total of 56 hits.
Find his story in Pakasa only in The New Vision.
Grab a copy or subscribe to our epaper on http://epaper.
He will be sentenced on 27th of this month.
9b by irregularly increase the unit costs of items' - John Muwanga, Auditor General bit.
The Bishop also called on religious leaders to take up the mantle of bringing sanity in the country.
as for me in my house am the Boss.
The findings were presented yesterday at the International Conference on Family Planning in Nusa Dua, Bali, Indonesia.
3⃣ DEADLINE is June 30, 2020.
Jomayi Property Consultants Limited, a real estate company, is facing liquidation.
Her son Arnold was distributing kitoko on new years eve while campaigning for the same seat his Father died for.
The New Vision added 7 new photos — in Kampala, Uganda.
The New Vision is with Lillian Olupot Tukamureeba.
The meeting took place at the State Lodge in Kyankwanzi district.
Netherlands Close Eight Prisons Due To Lack Of Criminals.
Find some common ground (cooking?
Kyambogo University to start off-campus learning centre for teachers.
The UPDF has revealed that Gen.
Find the Eight unanswered questions on Kaweesi’s assasination in today’s paper- https://vpg.
At least they have made enough profits.
Nup presidential flag-bearer Robert Kyagulanyi has said NUP is not being funded by foreigners.
Am Not Getting Our Country, Ugandans See Out Side Fence Not In Compunder.
In a letter dated 28th April, the DPP instructs the court to withdraw the charges.
Infatuated Meghan ought to remember that "obunzari" Diana bweyaleka ku siyani tte bunnakala.
Fire earlier gutted a timber workshop in Jinja causing financial loss to the dealers.
Patrick Okot, a soldier who allegedly killed ten people in Bombo town in Luwero district in March, saying the application lacks merit.
A total of 1,367 candidates applied for the Law course and sat for the pre-entry exams upon payment of sh80,000 each.
The New Vision is with Irene Najjingo and 5 others.
#Todayarounduganda: 31 year old MUBS student who isolated from family under a tree for close to a week tests negative for COVID-19.
When Uganda''s Dorcas Inzikuru won the inaugural steeplechase world championship in Helisinki in 2005, and followed that with Commonwealth gold in 2006, Galkina Gulnara of Russia was the athlete to beat.
Museveni to settle Church House debt.
President Kaguta Museveni in Mukono for Launch and Ground Breaking of a US$100m #MegaCityProject.
Sunderani once escorted Idi Amin to the toilet.
The New Vision is with Edgar Asiimwe and 7 others.
Muscles are weakened as you age.
He started coming home late from work.
For more information visit:.
In the Sunday Vision this Morning.
Delivering justice and fighting for it someone's personality, ideology, Faith, character, roles or ethnicity doesn't matter it's all about value addition.
Then it moved to O level.
Egyptians living in Uganda will go to the Egyptian embassy in Kololo on Saturday and Sunday (17 - 18 October), to participate in parliamentary elections, As Egyptians abroad will start to vote for this elections in 139 embassies across the world, they will vote in Egyptian consulates and embassies as coordinated with the Egyptian Foreign Affairs Ministry.
Daniel Kazibwe aka Ragga Dee says he is confident that he will win the mayoral race.
And how much did he pay to get this done.
When contacted to comment about the milestone, Senior Press Secretary to the President Don Wanyama said it terms of popularity, it shows Museveni is a popular figure.
The Kampala Sun is with Ronald Myles and 2 others.
Aslund, a Swedish expatriate and wife of former British High Commissioner to Uganda Mike Cook was appointed the Commissioner General of the Uganda Revenue Authority (URA) in June 2001.
She tells her story in today's Harvest Money.
God should have mercy on us!
The Kampala Sun is with Derrick Aleksandric Mugabi.
We’Re you mindful that schools have also suffered effects of covid19 and needed stimulus packages?
All the gains recorded prior to May 2019 have been eroded no thanks to an utterly useless administration led by an economic illiterate.
In a bid to reduce the road accidents, the Police, under operation 'Fika Salama' have announced that using a mobile phone while driving attracts a fine of sh100,000.
i think smeones personality also matters.
"I don't know what's going on.
The New Vision is with Kabuye Rashid.
Good Jesus even chase people from house of God.
With the new facilities, we believe they will even get better”.
May God strengthen them.
The New Vision is with Henry Musoke.
Well, this particular seabird named Wisdom has.
Igad cant create it for them.
Whatsapp UPDATE: Yay OR Nay?
In Mwalimu, read about Michael Muyiyi, a teacher living with HIV and is committed to fighting the pandemic head-on.
Police deployment for what?
Each of us assumes that we are handling our personal finances better than our peers.
Don'T you know that the president is still organizing his cabinet.
He was diagnosed with cancer in 2006.
Find out who in Central region (excluding #Kampala) is leading and who is trailing - in today's New Vision.
the leader of dat operation us just fake.
More two government officials have been arrested in connection with OPM scam.
Not enough money to go round-experts.
’ I get calls from politicians telling me, ‘don’t touch this, it is for my relative’”.
Most of the selected players are defenders.
This makes our leaders look incompetent where were they and what was happening with the screening at the airport the people who were bribed will not even escape we will all perish with their loved ones together we wait what next!
As the world celebrated Fathers’ Day, our very own Zari was penning an emotional letter to one of the fathers of her children, Ivan Ssemwanga (R.I.P).
The New Vision is with Umar Sekyanzi.
he reminds me of times when public libraries and social centres were easily accesible and available strategically than bars and police public detention centres.
Infact we shud be grateful to gov't over the salary cos trs out there (in other countries) are paid less than what we get here.
The day the Goverment will change .
Paid for doing wat?
Williamson was so ecstatic and hugged his assistant Jackson Mayanja and several of his players.
Add sauce, and stir until coated.
Dude is looking 4laughter.
The Sudanese authorities say they will defer Ibrahim's death sentence for two years to allow her to nurse her newborn baby.
National team rookie Daniel Baguma (74 gross) returned the best score for team Uganda on the day, but it is still South Africa and Kenya; who brought in the best team score of 218 and who now share joint leadership with the leaders with 442 gross each on the standings.
Marines of the Uganda Police Force rescued 80 people stranded after their boat’s engine broke down on Lake Victoria.
It is good if uganda can get annual car inspections and stop poorly maintained vehicles with poor exhaust cleaning and breaks such as cars, trucks and busses from being used.
The Professional Standards Unit of Police is investigating officers who allegedly failed to respond to the distress call relating to the kidnap of Nagirinya Maria and her driver.
It has been a physical 45 minutes with both teams committing lots of fouls.
Police have impounded 116kgs of ivory and 2.
Brazilians on Friday mourned the death of soap opera star Domingos Montagner, who drowned in a river where his series had been filming and where his character narrowly escaped death in a recent episode.
Details in the Saturday day Vision today #EPAPER- https://epaper.
The process, expected to be concluded in May, involves .
In Moroto alone 16 men who turned up for recruitment into the army were sent away for lack of a complete dental formula.
Details in the New Vision series this Friday.
Or check us out on www.
Uganda police and wildlife rangers search for missing Dutch tourist in Murchison Falls Game Park.
dats wat those school children alwys say, now if a woman who knws how useful a sanitary pad z 2 awoman cn wake up inda mornin tekz a bath puts on her pad dressd panty, then stand in a confortable manner 2say no money 2buy pads.
According to the results released by the Law Council on Friday, only 405 out the total 1,090 lawyers who sat the exams passed.
Only in Sunday Vision #EPAPER: http://is.
It’s how you present yourself in meetings and at office events, how you interact with staff both above and below you, and how seriously you take your work.
Read what he has said about corruption here 👉🏾.
Mzee in Kanzu keep the fire burning!
National Resistance Movement (NRM) has cleared 128 aspirants to participate in the party primaries as flag bearers after petitions against them were dismissed.
But with seven games left to the end of the season, should that be seen as a point gained or two points dropped for KCCA?
With Voluntary Disclosure, the taxpayer discloses information of tax liabilities, misstatements or omissions in their declarations to URA.
In this 13-part series, New Vision TV takes you through the dark period which ended up re-writing the country’s History.
The chairperson of the Greater North Parliamentary Forum Felix Okot Ogong has said that all public officials implicated in the loss of funds meant for northern Uganda should be made to pay for them.
South African President Cyril Ramaphosa's ruling ANC won re-election Friday with an absolute majority in parliament, results showed, but with diminished support, complicating efforts to boost growth and fight corruption.
There were 15 contestants, as has been the norm with the past editions, and now we are left with only six contestants who are all vying for cash prize of sh150m and a one-year recording contract with Universal Global studios in South Africa.
Did they assess the risk of the excavation to the neighbourhood?
The exercise will see KCCA mark over 48 roads in the city.
Around Uganda: Amuria men compete with babies for breast milk.
The New Vision is with Manxima Al-Isaac Thires.
Daphrose Bwiringiro captured some moments.
A nurse at Mubende Hospital refused to immunize Monica's newborn child, saying she did not have long to live.
It named some members of the royal family among those threatening the throne & are relentlessly trying to usurp the powers of the Kabaka & to grab a chain of his properties http://see.
“To Uncle Pat, you have tried to shape us as you can but the problem is that you were strict and harsh.
And remember,none is perfect,if the lil behavior is bearable, push on.
A Manchester City fans' group has reacted angrily to Pep Guardiola's plea for bigger attendances at the Etihad, telling the City manager to concentrate on coaching.
Lucy Akello polled 7420 votes against her arch-rival Jane Francesca Amongin Okili of NRM who got 6701 votes.
It's a shame he has to step down with the world against him!
The latest protests have been sparked by the death of an asthmatic African American at the hands of New York police.
Being let to go after they have stripped him off all his wealth and resources.
When they are joining you don't explain the terms and conditions, but when they disert they become victims.
"The 14 warmest years on record have all fallen in the first 15 years of this century".
Biggest U.S. rocket blasts off with spy satellite.
lets expect the marriage with a fellow ugandan in a near future.
The controversial online show dubbed Wife material that attracted massive criticism in Kenya also features contestants from the East African region including five from Uganda.
Come to our offices or any sub county or district head quarters for inquiries".
64 billion a piece.
Did the amuria babies really say that?
This is just diversion and we want our victory back.
There is no money for the affected areas but for their big stomachs as usual !
We have a free Toto magazine for the little ones in today's New Vision.
Inzzi, Kipsiro Zurich race in detail.
Officials hope to resume play Thursday morning at the national stadium in the capital city of the youngest African nation, which gained independence from Sudan four years ago.
There is this very hot girl we work with, and she is always teasing me about something or other.
Born in the village of Kutama, south-west of the capital, he was educated by Jesuits and went on to become a teacher before joining the liberation struggle, spending 11 years in prison and becoming Zimbabwe's first leader in 1980.
Replacing a criminal with a criminal!
According to a report presented by senior probation and welfare officer, Christine Awor at least 269 girls enrolled at Atirayon but did not complete P.7, in Amachkide only 5 sat for P.7 out of 186 girls enrolled from primary one, in Alutkot out of 230 enrolled only 3 finished primary seven and Anyalima 299 were enrolled and only 1 sat primary seven.
What a mess by the former #Livepool keeper!
In a move that some MPs saw as an attempt to enshroud the sector in secrecy, the house passed clause 150(4) of the Petroleum (Exploration, Development and Production) Bill, 2012 which provides for a five year jail term, sh10m fine, or both for public servants who disclose information obtained in the course of their employment, less than ten years after leaving their jobs.
After the oil saga that flopped and exposed how naive some of our MPs are, they are shameless to keep jumping on everything.
Brace Your Core To avoid rounding your spine and doing “banana back” pushups, try squeezing or "bracing" your core.
📷 Emmanuel Okwi celebrates his goal against Zimbabwe.
This is to remind you that you are beautiful, talented and one of a kind.
Photo by Geoffrey Namukoye.
I love it as much as I love India.
Stick to your bloody journalism path leave soccer for the fair world.
It was on the two men that he would go on to beat to the finish line.
Britain has approved the use of a fourth Covid vaccine, hoping to boost a countrywide inoculation drive to allow its economy to reopen fully despite concerns about a new variant.
Drop this dude if he won’t even hold your hand.
The RG Sports Academy and the Uganda select versus Barcelona legends match on December 5 that will launch the facility, continued to gain momentum on Tuesday night when well-wishers of the academy pledged over sh900m to the two projects.
Uganda’S finest Eddy Kenzo is currently admitted at Malcolm District Hospital after being diagnosed with typhoid and Malaria hours after leaving Nairobi city where he had a successful show.
Young girls tospend theirmoney.
I met a girl about three months ago at salsa class in one of the pubs in Kampala.
A housemaid and three policemen are among eight suspects arrested today in connection with the theft of sh600m from Salim Saleh’s home in Luzira, Kampala.
United, thanks to Anthony Martial & Scott McTominay, have completed a double over their 'noisy' neighbours.
Ask anyone how old they are and the answer is “why do you want to know?
Opinion poll: Whats your say?
But there’s another reason for communication — you help your child integrate different parts of his/her brain.
Chelsea side will arrive at Liverpool on Sunday knowing a 12th consecutive league win for the home side would eliminate Jose Mourinho's team from the race for the Barclays Premier League title.
Learn how to detect kidney disease.
Mr. obama is the clown of the world.
Then it is a blessing to have so many twins.
He should not waste time pleading.
"Today I choose life.
Then how about credibility?
He took his seat and appears to be studying the train route map and as it meandered it’s way from Canning Town to North Greenwich.
I am eagerly waiting for this detailed report.
At this difficult time, we ask that everyone respects their privacy," the spokeswoman said.
Muhammed is believed to be the last prophet.
What does Kipsiro have for Breakfast?
Wearing the Kitenge in office: tips on how to make the colourful attire formal.
Free for you this festive season!
In bid to silence all the teachers, get a few in your pockets.
Mugisha Muntu cannot woo support from the army if elected the Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) flag-bearer for the 2011 general elections, the president of the party, Kizza .
Don't you think they will be a burden again?
When contacted however, the other candidates who include Nathan Nandala Mafabi and Maj.
Secondly, there is need of unpacking the speech to relevant ministries for implementation.
Clickety-Clack, clickety- clack, ding rings out from a home in India's Mumbai where Chandrakant Bhide is creating his latest artwork on a typewriter-http://bit.
The campaign was launched by the woman councilor Hoima municipality, Cissy Rwabugoma who called on residents to go for HIV counselling and testing to know their status.
Does it mean dat when u belong to a party, u have to support its nasty and por ventures?
Enjoy nonstop music🎶, movies🎬 & sports⚽️ 24/7 from northern #Uganda🇺🇬.
The Police in Budaka have identified the people who died when a Uganda Cranes team bus crashed into a taxi at Jami trading centre along Mbale – Tirinyi highway in Kamonkoli sub-county in Budaka district on Tuesday.
Holding your drink at bellybutton levels at bars/parties will make you look more confident.
To enable journalists write informed stories that highlight the role of midwives and creating awareness of the need to implement universal practice of midwifery in saving lives of mothers and babies, the embassy of Sweden in Kampala has sensitized 21 Vision Group journalists that will champion the cause starting next week.
Good leaders look for solutions not who to blame.
Mr Sevo is not in charge of this country, the Mafia's have taken over, see what is happening in police, slowly the military arm of the Mafia's is taking over, to make sure that No one takes over from Sevo, even if they lost the elections; so Bro's and sisters we Ugandans must revice our tactics, if not the country is slowly going in the direction of Sudan.
A Nursing Assistant attached to Kamuli Main Hospital together with a former teacher, now attached to the Special Needs Education department are among the 40 people who were arrested by Kamuli police after they were nabbed consuming a local brew commonly known as enguli before 8:00am on Monday.
she doesnt even know where uganda is.
Tom Butime is set to bounce back as Member of Parliament for Mwenge Central in Kyenjojo district.
Agayaye Mbu more five years!
The Police in Tororo district are hunting for a woman who battered her husband, breaking his shoulder and inflicting serious injuries on the head.
Dem wange free meat hahahahaiahaha.
NOW ON SALE #EPAPER# https://epaper.
its out of control.
Joyful events -- the birth of a child, a big win by your team -- can trigger a dangerous condition called the "broken heart syndrome", doctors and researchers have reported.
Crimes in uganda can not be control because the president is traying his best but putting thiefs in all the offices making the poor educated population to suffer.
The Speaker of parliament giving her speech.
Uganda could be very rich in soils but there is a lot of uncertainty in the weather in addition to lack of adequate technology.
Ramaphosa, 66, took over last year after the African National Congress (ANC) forced then-president Jacob Zuma to resign after nine years dominated by corruption allegations and economic problems.
A senoir police officer cannot detect danger following him for a distance,then we qtn the credibility of police trainning.
Thousands of activists gathered in Tahrir Square and at Mursi's suburban presidential palace, not far from the Islamist camp.
I don't know what causes breast tumors, but I must say, that is a nice breast!
The win relaxed Coach Matia Lule’s worry as he plots to overturn their 0-2 first leg deficit.
Never doubt that the Almighty’s aware of everything going on.
He warned his little daughter not to tell a word to anyone about their "secret".
Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) has acquired a $30m (about sh77b) loan from the Africa Development Bank for the reconstruction of Kawempe and Kiruddu health centre IIIs.
Photography by Abu Mwesigwa.
St. Sylvester I (314–335): 21 years, 11 months and 1 day (8,005 days).
The Government has been asked to explain defective condoms.
President Yoweri Museveni to address Parliament in the next hour.
George Bayo of the Uganda Airforce, has died, according to a relative.
He will receive budgets from sub-committees for approval, oversee the preparation of the overall budget of the conference and ensure availability of funds for the sub-committees and the conference.
#Uganda #Parliament passes a resolution demanding for a halt of oil refinery construction over claims by locals in the oil region for being paid less value than the real worth of their land.
Katabazi, 51, was last week charged with absence without leave and conduct prejudicial to good order and discipline contrary to section 148 (1), 2 (a), 178 (1) (2) and 5 (a) of the Uganda People's Defence Forces Act (UPDF), 2015.
Find out what the decision of Parliament is in New Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
This is bad reporting☹️, I was there with my dog🐕 are we not people, is people not we?
Only 5 years for all those billions?
Most deaths occurred in the eastern state of Bihar, where an overnight storm killed at least 56 people and injured another 28, mainly in rural areas.
At first, I thought it was just for fun, but I have noticed she does not do it with anybody else, just me.
But most importantly, the IGG says that, “It appears Mandy’s temperament and methods of management are not suitable for the position he holds.
Today, we celebrate Hellen Baleke, 🇺🇬#Uganda's first female boxing medalist.
You reap what you sow.
Government will investigate whoever is suspected to have had a hand in the death of MP Cerinah Nebanda.
Grab yourself a copy 👉E-PAPER: is.
Does it mean those with in the district are not bright.
its equivalent to intentionall suicide.
Focus on him he will return the favour.
By Paul BushariziLAST weekend Gulu district chairman Norbert Mao was elected the Democratic Party president.
A teenager who authorities say impersonated a doctor has been arrested again and now faces charges of fraud and larceny.
Recently, Nsega’s brothers, Innocent Bisangwa and Joseph Kananura, petitioned court over the incident.
A crash was avoided when a Jet Airways flight from Mumbai to Brussels dropped 5,000 feet in Turkish airspace while the pilot was having a “rest,” the Emirates 24/7 news site reported Thursday.
Over 40 queens, queen mothers and other women cultural leaders from over 16 African countries last week met in Kampala to devise ways of empowering rural women to promote development through their newly-formed association — #African Queens and other Women Cultural Leaders Network (#AQWLN).
A 26-year-old man in Budaka district was on Monday charged with defilement of his five-year-old niece.
Jolly Tumuhiirwe, 22, appeared in a video that went viral, showing her feeding and later hitting the toddler repeatedly while the parents were away.
Try and meet those young officers who speak one language.
George Kakoma sh50m as compensation for composing the national anthem:http://bit.
The New Vision is with Annabelle Narit and 20 others.
no wonder he is Nigerian they are good at .
The New Vision is with Mc Frank Kaliba Pro.
The famous afro-based picnic, Blankets and Wine was held at the Uganda Museum grounds on Sunday afternoon.
I think any social service should be put where its convenient to the pple in need of it.
During that time, I was honoured to act as the secretary for the Dagoretti National Resistance Movement (NRM) ward.
Let me hope no aspirant will begin bragging of having initiated the development.
Talk about ways to better the shillings, what is it that u don't understand!
Opinion: Uganda’s success in the knowledge-based economy is critically dependent on effective mechanisms for nurturing innovation and creativity.
Makerere honours Turkish president-https://vpg.
Over 20 police directorates to miss funding .
Europe used to make and export these and other road worthy brands first hand .
The boda boda riders have reportedly died on the spot while other victims have been rushed to Kawolo Hospital.
Moses Dhizaala a Uganda Airline task committee member said they have so far recruited 14 pilots and 30 hostesses.
All investors engaged in small scale economic activities are to have their investment licenses cancelled by government as it comes under increasing pressure from KACITA to raise the minimum capital required of foreign investors from $10,000 (about sh24.
By his own admission, although the jobs were available for him when he returned to Uganda from his university studies in Australia; the pay was too little for the kind of life he wanted to lead.
Uganda Police force promises Ugandans a safe Easter.
5b to repair and maintain city roads in the next fiscal year.
This follows a controversy regarding ownership of part of the forest.
President Museveni will tomorrow hold talks with his Kenyan counterpart Uhuru Kenyatta in Nairobi.
In HEALTH :GUARD AGAINST DEPRESSION THIS CHRISTMAS.
What a bout you people of understanding with common sense, just to solve ur indifferences.
Venansius Baryamureeba has at last thrown in the towel.
A total of 1,292 troops and civilians from 10 different African countries are expected to attend the field training exercise.
He started with only sh50,000.
Rebels in South Sudan launch a large-scale attack on the strategic northern town of Malakal.
The Shanty City of East Africa.
People who have goals succeed because they know where they're going.
The only solution is regime change,and get people who can stir the economy in the right direction.
Keeping dogs as pets: Why Muslims must not.
On Wednesday, six men raided Cheap Hardware shop in Nansana as the workers were preparing to bank the days sales which sources say stretched into millions of shillings.
The bank reportedly sold the property at $2.
The budget for electricity was raised from Shs.
May al-janna fiddausi be his final abode, ameen.
So, how can I maintain my sanity?
It ravaged children in a number of districts; killing many and leaving thousands battling adverse effects.
You may withdraw certain privileges commensurate with a child’s wilful disobedience.
My boyfriend does not understand all this.
"The International Criminal Court is guilty of arrogance in its prosecution of Kenya's elected leaders".
It will excite them and spark conversation.
A new study commissioned by the American Automobile Association found that these tools which aim to cut down on "distracted" motorists driving" could be distractions themselves.
Five-Year-Old Faith Kyamagero, of Masaka city who was beheaded early this week, was first defiled, according to the Police.
Find the Interview in the Saturday Vision--http://bit.
Where Is Ghana Going?
According to a statement issued by Uganda AIDS Commission, the President and the First Lady will test at Kiswa Health Center IV, opposite Shell Bugolobi in Kampala.
I wish you good luck .
Nicknamed the "Princess", 43-year-old Isabel, has been ranked by Forbes magazine as the richest woman on the continent.
Before construction, be sure to work on the land title and architectural plans.
The New Vision is with Kiluvi Naomi and 2 others.
Cover us with your presence, comfort us in mind, and give us fresh mental and spiritual attitude.
Tanzania'S President Jakaya Kikwete accuses Uganda, Kenya and Rwanda for sidelining Tanzania and signing exclusive joing East African Community projects that exclude Tanzania.
President Obama, David, Cameron, Yoweri Museveni among several leaders already in South Africa to attend the memorial service that is set to start shortly.
am told Government auditors are responsible for all this.
Over the past seven-plus months, China -- the world's most populous nation -- has gone through an extraordinary time.
Repackaged & RELOADED - Get more in the New Vision everyday!
How does the ministry of health explain this?
#Akalulu2021: Okunoonya akalulu mu Buganda.
In today's New Vision, Police reveals reason for Nakasero Mosque raid.
Just IN: The East African Legislative Assembly Members of Parliament have passed a resolution to suspend the Speaker, Margaret Zziwa, for 21 days pending investigations into her conduct.
Share your views and opinions here regardless of whether those views are already known or not, you could be the voice that mattered.
Instead of praying to end dictatorship in Uganda.
Why Museveni fired immigration officers.
Wat he did was not cool at all.
Almighty God, we pray that you bless our nation and make it true to the ideas of freedom and justice.
Nobody knows where it was borrowed from or what the money was used for.
All the other dictators left through violence.
Geofrey Kaheebwa the district police commander for Kabarole said that Kijanangoma’s assembly was illegal.
Sheikh Hassan Kirya, Kibuli Spokes Person Gunned Down near the Bweyogerere fly over by assailants riding on a boda boda.
Share with friends and spread the word!
The other officers decorated include Brigadier General Wilson Mbadi, formerly Aid de Camp (ADC) to the President and now 4th Division Commander; Brigadier General Peter Elwelu, formerly 2nd Division Operations Officer who is now the 3rd Division Commander 3rd; and Brigadier General Joram Kakaari, formerly the Inspector General of Military Equipment and now Chief of Pensions and gratuity.
If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking.
A calm blue sky hovers over the arid terrain in Pakor village, Parabongo sub-county in Agago district.
Now,if she isn't magically psychic,who is she?
The potatoe growers are doing just that.
Relationship Tip: Take a class.
Full-Time Stoke 2-0 West Brom.
Kidega is waiting for his case to be judged by the local judiciary -- see more at:http://bit.
His body is now in Mbarara hospital.
Buy and read the New Vision online here.
Children who go on the trip end up with a teacher who thinks he is a king.
That's why I watch weather focus of aljazeera and CGTN .
By this morning, a Kenyan truck, with the registered plates KBP 538A was still stuck in a trench along Jinja Road next to Uganda Manufactures Association (UMA) show grounds.
The New Vision added 55 new photos.
"Our words have the power to bring someone up and help them achieve their purpose in life, or bring to them down and make them go down a dark path".
He is a professional wrestler.
Full story in today's paper.
H.E President @KagutaMuseveni addressing the nation on the latest matters regarding COVID-19.
How could Namboozi arrogantly grab the man's cap & posted she was checking his security after his death why?
A scholar famously said 'Appreciation is the highest form of prayer, for it acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts.
The festival symbolizes the historic struggle of African slaves against their Spanish masters.
And perhaps a fresh group of accountants and new commercial bank bosses to deal with them.
The partnership gives UTB rights to brand Destination Uganda at local and international games in which the Uganda Cranes are participating.
The ka airport though.
It is one year today since Libyan President Muammar Gadaffi was killed.
There criminal's period !
Convicted for murder and incarcerated for eight years, Cissy Namisango, 27, had never worked in a poultry farm before.
What is the purpose of street cameras which coasted billions and billions of tax payers money?
Government has ruled out cutting taxes on fuel, saying it would spark off smuggling.
"We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive.
"Escape the maid" picture goes viral.
Assistant commissioner for Child Affairs; James Kaboogoza says child helpline has acquired a short code which has been made a hotline to help children.
The Electoral Commission (EC) has embarked on demarcation of electoral areas and reorganization of polling stations countrywide ahead of 2016 general elections.
Is Mr Mutabazi safe?
Request for your favourite tune from this hit-maker.
The amount on investment in Mobvoi was not disclosed.
Sugarcane growers have a reason to smile after the ban on export has been lifted.
Olympic Marathon gold medallist Stephen Kiprotich reveals his source of inspiration.
Our fraternity has not been emphasized,” he said.
On top of war, poverty, and a galloping population, the medical staff face a further obstacle: a patriarchal social code of honour.
Like Nalongo, like Twins.
An ONLINE fund to help the Robinson family get Joyce Nyakato's body and belongings back to her earthly home in Uganda from the USA has started.
Does he want to introduce a pope's prayer?
"I am seeking the presidency of FIFA because I believe it is time to shift the focus away from administrative controversy and back to sport," Prince Ali said on his official Twitter feed.
The events of Saturday night have left Moses Kipsiro speechless.
The head of the Russian Orthodox Church, Patriarch Kirill, is to meet his Roman Catholic counterpart, Pope Francis, during a historic visit to Latin America.
The police in Nebbi has impounded a bus belonging to Baby Coach Bus Company for defying the presidents directive on public transport.
Retired Lt Grace Nambaale Ssozi, the former Rubaga Division Women’s Councillor for Nakulabye Zone III who passed on last week, was on Monday (June 21) laid to rest at her home in Butiiti, Wakiso district.
This was at Toccoa, Georgia, in 1957.
Voting has ended at all the polling stations countrywide and the counting of votes has started: http://ow.
Asaad should step down and let peace takeoff.
** Now sudden death in AFCON2015 final.
If taxis were removed out of the city?
If I Could Buy A Plot Of Land In Another Planet, I Would Rest 4rom Hearing Nonsense Of NRM.
A win today would almost certainly put Joachim Low's men through, due to their healthy goal difference, while a victory for the United States on Sunday would leave Cristiano Ronaldo's Portugal in dire straits.
She's a bus-riding, sidewalk-walking dog".
A star has been born!
The New Vision is with Majook Thiang Manyuon Athuai Majok and 24 others.
A 42-year-old man who raped sisters, all respectively aged 6, 7, 9 and 11 in Nakasongola district has been sentenced to 100 years in prison.
Get the details of the land saga in Lusanja where over 500 families are facing eviction.
Ugandans are supposed even to be caned if they're asking for more extensions, this is too much.
The pastor "was the intended and only target" in the shooting, Dayton Police Homicide Division Supervisor Sgt.
The State House Anti-Corruption Unit, the Police, Lands Ministry and Buganda Land Board (BLB) established this in their report to the founder of NDF, Sylvia Nagginda, the Nnabagereka (Queen) of Buganda Kingdom.
Ethiopian Airlines to work with Boeing, the national civil aviation authority and international experts to unravel the cause of the brand new plane to come down just six minutes into its flight.
ctry that we lack them .
"Total public debt as at December 2019 amounted to $13.
Was this the best picture you could use?
Government as at 15th   August, 2012   1.
Every corporate girl without a car has her favourite Boda-Boda guy the way she has her favourite lingerie.
I wishes ,that's my district unfortunately not , so may might God blessing them to stay in peace there region .
I think Mr agaba issa mugabo the makerere university and Uganda agro study coordinator deserves this award the the good thingshe has done for makerere and the all country at larger.
It is not their meat nor their blood, that reaches Allah: It is your piety that reaches him: he has thus made them subject to you, that ye may glorify Allah for his guidance to you and proclaim the good news to all who do right.
⚠️ Please disregard the #fake Front Page going around.
There is a breed of men who end relationships by asking their ex girlfriends to return the gifts they gave them while dating.
Value your health and share this information.
The New Vision is with Lynn Nyarangi and Matte Ibrahim.
We can not make rule made.
Would a woman who is using hormonal contraceptives to prevent pregnancy be at a higher risk of contracting HIV?
Celebrated Ugandan kickboxer Moses Golola stopped 26-year-old Sudanese Abdul Quadir in the second round this evening to claim the vacant middleweight World Kickboxing Federation (Africa) title.
Check out & like Pakasa Vision for her story and more.
So in simple terms, ogwang is saying the former premier entertained nonsense.
Add green onions, red pepper, cilantro, corn and beans and toss to coat.
A whirlwind of setbacks in business ultimately rendered him homeless introducing him to the harsh realities of life on the streets of Kampala.
What a success story!
Mko fasta hatari kutupa taarifa.
Team Coach Nick Natuhereza said the team had prepared well and ready to put up their best.
Special Envoy and Minister of Information and Communications Technology, Dr. Ruhakana Rugunda is due to meet the President of the UN General Assembly in New York over a report that accuses Uganda of supporting Congolese M23 rebels.
And stop wasting tax payers money as if u won't release him.
There are plans to build a large new port in Lamu, but progress has been slow.
How long did he take to reach Kampala?
Kale Kayihura as an individual, over the Police’s continued foiling of their activities.
The Lord's Resistance Army has killed more than 100,000 people during a reign of terror in Central Africa over the past 25 years, UN leader Ban Ki-moon said Monday.
The New Vision is with Ko Oo.
Proper background checks and more.
I'Ll determine the radius of that roundabout.
London-Based Taktouk slammed the British justice system, claiming to have suffered a “gross injustice” after a court judge refused to stop the £5.
Details and other stories in the full bulletin.
those men, wait !
A former Congolese army chief and presidential advisor announced Monday he plans to run in the March 20 election and challenge President Denis Sassou Nguesso, who has been in power in Congo-Brazzaville for more than 30 years.
The businessman has agreed to take care of her medical expenses.
When I was in Primary Six, I recall falling ill, for three days, my father bathed and fed me.
My boyfriend broke up with me because he liked my best friend.
Half-Time in extra-time and it's still Real 1-1 Atletico.
They are one-man down after Marcos Alonso is redcarded.
Markets for Mushrooms include, Fresh Produce Markets, Supermarkets, Hotels & Restaurants, Schools, Export Market, Value Addition - Wine, soup etc.
and some ov them don't even knw how 2 use them.
The New Vision is with Jimmy Wagabaza and 9 others.
Barcelona midfielder Cesc Fabregas has called Arsenal's Mesut Ozil, 25, a "spectacular" signing, believing his former club now have the experience to challenge for the league title.
so that babies stop crying.
John Wynand Katende, Catholic Priest.
PAYE is so exploitative  and takes too much of our salaries.
God have mercy and plz lord help call the Uganda,s problem dia lord .
Companies and individuals responded to a fundraising call by Uganda’s daily–– New Vision to thank Kiprotich for his outstanding feat.
We bring to you the reason-https://vpg.
Each MP will get the latest version of iPads to help them carry out their work efficiently,” Dombo said.
Her started rotting instantly and maggots eat him instantly.
Full list of 192 who signed!
The minister said government has less than a quarter of the reported missing alive.
The Uganda Netball Super League Division I has been called off until further notice following the presidential address on COVID-19 on Sunday.
In a special Parliament session chaired by Speaker Rebecca Kadaga, MPs described the fallen musician as a person who will be remembered by many generations to come http://see.
We thank God for keeping us alive.
Rush Hour: Bodas resort to 'Plan B' as Police mount roadblocks to enforce curfew directive amidst increasing cases of #COVID19 in Kampala.
No group has yet claimed responsibility for the blast, but the nearby Eastleigh suburb has been targeted in several attacks blamed on Al-Qaeda-linked Shebab rebels.
<P><Em>Lubaga Hospital annually receives over 1,500 patients with eye problems.
he also prayed for & placed the ministers and cabinet in the hands of God.
The New Vision thank you for exposing the plight of Kampala.
Subscribe for a digital copy here; http://epaper.
Sir Mr m7: if I was you, I would just accept the little or big I have earned and leave to look after what I have and leave the office for others.
The Tumu's, Rwabo's, all from west am glad no mwana wa Kabaka.
Water pipe bursts and gives a free car wash along Jinja road police.
Learning the art of accepting and valuing your partner for who he or she is — instead of grousing about shortcomings — may actually help the two of you find better solutions to problems.
Obama’s only other visit to a mosque was the Istiqlal Mosque in Jakarta, Indonesia in 2010, the country where “birthers” claim he was born as a Muslim, as opposed to his actual birthplace of Honolulu, Hawaii.
#Kiiraevs is back in Kampala.
Let us not value Hillary because of the husban, two people can sleep in a bed but dream differently.
And it is PENALTIES time!
Ecweru said the rains may cause serious flooding and water logging which result into collapsing of some roads and also destroy crops.
Do not miss your free copy in the New Vision on Friday.
I only graduated this year.
The New Vision added 6 new photos — at Grand Imperial Hotel.
Know that you'll slip 20 percent of the time due to holidays and work deadlines.
What improvement has been done in health sector ?
Suicide BLAST IN #GROZNY: Terrorist blows himself up ahead of concert on City Day.
We got together when we were still young and now it seems we have nothing in common.
Having won last week's first-leg 1-0 in Madrid, Real won the semi-final 5-0 on aggregate as Pep Guardiola's Bayern suffered their heaviest home defeat in European competition.
Idd Amin teyali mukambwe nyo.
He SHOULD have been also killed straight away.
Dont miss out the Tusker Project Fame Show live on Urban Television tonight.
DP is a political party and we shall continue fielding candidates for every elective position’ – Norbert Mao, President General of the Democratic Party.
Let the government do it's work my friend.
Violence has marred the tournament so far, with large-scale unrest between England and Russia fans ahead of the two nations’ match in Marseille on Saturday.
However, Joyce Ssebugwawo, the Mayor of Rubaga, suggests that a new approach in form of planting tree seedlings be adopted.
5 million children born in Uganda every year, 210,000 are born too soon, before 37 weeks of pregnancy.
100 years ago, on March 20, 1916, Ota Benga took a gun and fired a bullet into his own heart, ending the short and tragic life of the “missing link” from Africa.
Vietnamese authorities have buried thousands of seized cats -- many believed to have been alive at the time -- after the felines were smuggled from China to feed the nation's illegal cat meat trade.
The dreaded graduated tax which was abolished in 2002 could make a comeback after MPs on the public service & local government committee called for its reinstatement so as to counter government's revenue shortfall.
The ministry of Gender, Labour and Social Development has unveiled forty new districts to receive Senior Citizens Grants in the next five years, starting with 20 districts this financial year.
This brings the number of suspects to four.
I really want to be happy for my brother, but I like this girl.
Man arrested after bottle thrown on to track moments before start of 100 metres final.
The resolution was arrived at during a special sitting presided over by temporary speaker Chris Opoka-Okumu from Uganda.
In the other hand i support Olwoch Daniel's point.
Five Opposition Presidential candidates have signed a declaration of principles committing to principled collaboration before, during and after next year's general elections.
Fred Kabajunguta, the LC1 chairman in Kyankwanzi parish, said so far over 99 heads of cattle and 2,000 goats have been stolen by thieves who raid kraals in the night.
We need peace in south sudan and no more war.
Kale Kayihura is congratulated by police women upon his promotion to his current army rank, an event that took place at the Forensic Laboratory in Naguru on Friday.
Federation to reserve tickets for them.
The ministry of health has rejected medical equipment and furniture which were supplied to forty six government health facilities.
The New Vision is with Nabulekye Carolyn Stecia and Kikafunda Bruce Keba.
Failing should not be attributed to the scrapping of pre entry exams.
The Kabaka of Buganda, Ronald Muwenda Mutebi marked his 58th birthday in Lubiri Mengo amid ululations from the mammoth crowd that turned up on Saturday.
Is Uganda being sold?
Also, questions are being asked if Davis Kamoga warrants special attention.
Mtn Uganda, on Wednesday, launched a partnership with popular fast food joint KFC, as it continues to heighten the lifestyle experience of the Telecom’s youth segment customers registered for the MTN Pulse service.
Its no surprise to anybody unless if you haven't followed the political developments ever since his presidential ambitions talk cropped out.
"The monitor has ably performed a significant public service in a difficult environment," US district court Judge Denise Cote said in a brief ruling on Tuesday.
Very good topic this has been the hidden problem for a long time.
Geoffrey Mafabi, 40, his wife Mary Kakayi, 36, and their children aged between two and 20 years had retired to bed, on Wednesday, after dinner when the rock hit their house at about 9.
He knew that Obote rip was going to lock him up.
Have you advised your government to consider recording individuals which suspected allergy, immune disorders, etc?
The New Vision is with Drijaru Roselyn and 5 others.
Four more years "@BarackObama: Four more years.
Kindly post here to reach them.
Now why was this fool again running towards the man he shot with a first aid kit.
Understand the need to take bold decisions, in the interest of national reconciliation, that can guide the country to a new political dispensation and a permanent constitutional order.
📖 In Part 2 of our reading series this week, Maj.
"Success is achieved and maintained by those who try and keep trying".
Ssenyange has been a navigator for Omar Mayanja until recently when he teamed up with Ronald Ssebuguzi.
⚽💪🏽 The race to the La Liga title has become a little more interesting - again 👉🏽https://newvisionapp.
Read about his relatives and what they talk about him, only in Saturday Vision.
2001 In Mecca, 35 Muslim pilgrims are crushed to death during the annual Hajj pilgrimage.
🗞️ In today's edition 👉🏽 https://t.
Find his story in Pakasa Vision pullout - only in the New Vision.
Pastor Aloysius Bugingo has denied being introduced as husband to Suzan Makula.
You people of all you post this.
More in Saturday Vision.
Uganda Revenue Authority (URA) is celebrating #30YearsStronger.
Mandy is also expected to put his hands off the day-to-day operations of UNEB and that the minister should consider advising the President to review the Mandy’s appointment.
Youth shun livelihood funds.
The cancellation of over 300 cultural events caused the enormous economic, social, and emotional cost to both the government and over 700 artists along with their fans.
Golola Moses emerged victor over Titus Tugume in the East and Central Africa challenge fight at Freedom City.
Before Daisy Ejang takes to the stage on the Tusker Project Fame grand finale this Sunday, this is what she must know; in Uganda, we do not call a certain genre of music “technical” like she claimed we do in the academy.
(Read more on this here >>.
53' ⚽️ CR7, WEYAYU?
Welcome to #GameOnX; we discuss a number of issues on the show.
In our History read about how Amin returned Mutesa’s body.
All of us we are the same what makes them different is the uniform and harsh orders from above.
United Nations chief Antonio Guterres on Saturday called for an end to violence in Libya in accordance with a UN-brokered ceasefire agreement.
A 37-year-old man has been remanded to Luzira Prison after he admitted defiling his 12-year-old daughter.
The district veterinary department has confirmed that the disease has killed over 50 pigs since it broke out in Soroti and Kamuda subcounties last month.
General Aronda Nyakairima dies on way back from South Korea, Ugandan team arrives, autopsy for today in Dubai.
Pistorius must serve at least 1/6 of his sentence before house arrest considered - that is just over 10 months in jail.
A Local Defense Unit (LDU) personnel suspected to have been intoxicated, is nursing wounds after he shot himself, shattering his mouth, nose, and lower jaw in Agago district.
When it comes to violence against children, however, money alone cannot solve the problem; it requires a determined,coordinated effort at all levels; the Govt, founding bodies of schools, who still have major responsibilities under the Education Act of 2008 among others.
Lorenzo Insigne (shirt 10) is one of the players that have put the Turkish defence on tenterhooks.
The four rebel MPs expelled from the NRM party have won the battle to stay in Parliament at least for the time being.
Appearing before the International Criminal Court (ICC), Tuesday, Gillian Clare Mezey, said if Ongwen had a mental illness while he was in LRA, it would have been.
Studying two courses, International Business and Tourism and Travel at the same time, has not stopped this youthful model from creating time to attain a healthy looking skin, fit physic, and a vibrant air.
‘The suspects were released on Police bond.
Find out which hospital it is and how much they are demanding the patient- https://vpg.
Where in Uganda did mzee mkapa build for brotherhood?
“I encourage politicians to love one another, why do you hate each other?
Call +256751306838 for more information.
No agreement has been reached in the legal dispute between Bukenya and Emmanuel Nyabayango in mediation talks.
The New Vision is with Shakah ATwiine Mbaine.
More in the NewVision.
⚽️ #EPL: #Arsenal v #ManCity gets under way at 7:30pm (EAT).
Christopher Aine, former premier Amama Mbabazi's private guard, has been arrested by the Police for inciting violence, obstruction of lawful orders and assault.
The latest Family Planning 2020 (FP2020) report shows that about 2.
Do they think they have finally found a weak part of the law to defend the obvious?
So you mean the Egg hatched!
Find Jobs in Uganda, latest openings and Ugandan Jobs and beyond.
Companies owned by foreigners face closure unless they sell or give up 51 percent of their shares to black Zimbabweans by April 1, announced Indigenization Minister Patrick Zhuwao.
<P><Span style="font-style: inherit; font-weight: inherit;">The Church of Uganda is currently seeking sh60b to clear a bank loan owed to Equity Bank, which funded the construction of the modern commercial complex, also known as the Church House.
The budget is read during the day and everybody knows when it is read, highlighting how different issues are to be addressed throughout the financial year.
Uganda presidential aspirants Besigye & Mbabazi meet Kofi Annan.
Gold: Uganda's Stephen Kiprotich runs down The Mall to win the men's #Marathon in a time of 2:08:01 http://l2012.
The suspects are reported to have been riding on a motorbike towards the Bukedea Woman MP's home in Bukedea district.
The New Vision is with Watasa Mayoka Robert.
Marrying mamy women is not a problem but responsibility.
The New Vision is with Agie Aine.
Would you include your family in your business?
However, the companies did not disclose specific sales numbers.
But kissing isn’t just important at the start of a relationship; it also has a role in maintaining a relationship.
- Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a ruling last week in London, an arbitration panel dismissed a case filed by Salani, in a dispute over the Northern Bypass.
The Police are hunting for the proprietor of Tuwereza Bakery, Angello Kasirye, over a bizarre case of a missing person whose remains are purportedly buried on his farm in Kireka Zone, Bulenga.
This is a move intended to put its buses, currently grounded over an sh8b debt owed to the Uganda Revenue Authority (URA), back on the road.
The rapper is reportedly satisfied with the outcome of their custody case and has therefore had a 'change of heart', according to TMZ.
The #Beijing-bound #Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 vanished on Saturday shortly after it left Kuala Lumpur.
🎄🎅 The passion for prayer and worship at Miracle Centre Cathedral, Rubaga.
Kiprotich to speak shortly.
The New Vision with NSSF Uganda.
I hate reading bullsh*t.
Mr Shand, 62, is believed to have slipped while smoking a cigarette outside a club after attending a charity fundraising party.
Will imported breeds save beef industry?
New vision, revise what you post.
A healthy child instinctively knows how much to eat.
Mariam Wuolou, a 34-year-old from Eritrea who worked at Pope Francis’ home and a priests' guesthouse called Santa Marta, was seven months pregnant when she was discovered dead on Friday.
It tells a story of a country torn apart by conflict, which threatened to obliterate Uganda from the face of Africa but which has, thanks to the resilience of its people, bounced back to pick up the pieces.
But here telling graduates who don't have even transport fare and rent to create jobs.
Congratulates the King and concludes speech.
Materials were delivered, but no work started.
The Police have warned of more threats of terrorist attacks during the ongoing electoral process and have advised the public to be alert: http://cot.
Venansius Baryamureeba, has said the National Unity Platform (NUP) party has no national outlook.
According to the Ministry of Public Service, employees who have been working in Government agencies will be redeployed only under traditional public service contracts for harmonization.
Can'T UPDF press refresh batton in somalia with an ion hand?
There is now an opportunity to turn the fund into a pension scheme because it has weathered the storm.
Earlier yesterday (June 17), the NSSF managing director, Richard Byarugaba, said members who are admitted to the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) can apply for their savings.
How are you concerned.
The country’s accumulative case tally has reached 4377 from a total of 423,214 samples since tested.
In #Pakasa this Friday we bring you Janet Munyanziza the proprietor of the unique Malakai Eco Lodge in Kitende on Entebbe Road.
The long-awaited debate on age limit has taken place.
No need of resigning, continue man!
did pple delegate u 2 take lions share?
Find out why MPs cannot visit them in the New Vision 👉 EPAPER: https://is.
The period of mourning will start on Monday March 22, 2010.
We civilians tuli bakoowu but our voice and actions cannot be heard,let the security organs who are also tired of this regime do it for us.
Really God is good!
When did police spokesperson start talking on behalf of UPDF regarding ADF issues?
The rebels released a series of aerial photos that they said had been taken from a camera mounted on the drone.
Apple is in talks with US television networks to offer around 25 channels across any iOS device as soon as September.
Amisom comprises forces from Uganda, Kenya and Burundi, which operate in four sectors in Somalia.
bse you know we are crossing over to the new year and they are capable of bringing here alishabab.
Sh274B loan approved for Masaka-Mbarara power lines.
Kamya can remain in Kampala u can ta Deputy Mayor kampala ad your new Lord Mayor Mtyana.
They swindled a lot in Greenland Bank saga simply because they wanted to bring down the owners.
Baraho pamera i just wonder wr u grew up frm if not in kabale bushes bse if not so how can u adress a leader of Hon mao's status lke dat!
Its alleged a section of members of the public were abusing the facility by defecating in it while others had turned it into a lodge in the night for their sex escapades.
I wish you a very peaceful week of Christmas.
The New Vision is with Werikhe David and Muyanja Charles.
And to matters worse Kulata is indicted in court and why defend her.
Police connected to the murders 🤦🤦🤷🤷!
According to the Police, neither did the fire affect the structural make-up of the building.
On Sunday, Francis opened his first full day in Cuba by celebrating Mass at Revolution Plaza in Havana.
Agony: Won’t our relationship affect my progress?
Dr. Yusuf Nsubuga, a former director for basic and secondary education and now a private education consultant, says voter bribery is "a terrible vice most schools tend to ignore and it nurtures a culture of bad leaders".
President #Museveni 's gift to Kabaka Ronald Muwenda Mutebi II on 60th birthday.
Cabinet has increased the monthly emoluments for cultural leaders countrywide from sh6m to sh10m.
And M7, locks schools for 2yrs.
how can u even .
We have the latest on his capture.
It has been fixed.
I'm boring myself asking him for affection.
Cook and stir onion, carrot, broccoli, red bell pepper, and garlic in hot oil until garlic just begins to brown, about 5 minutes.
There will be 2 presidents in attendance at Kampala Parents auditorium tomorrow.
Kcca officials said the site manager had obtained the necessary approvals --see more at: https://goo.
I will also find time to drop and pick my children from kampala Parents School.
The incident is believed to have occurred late Saturday off Pom Pom Island, a popular scuba diving location in the eastern state of Sabah.
Legislators from 25 African countries and Reproductive Health experts from all over the World experienced Uganda’s cultural diversity on Thursday, when Crane Performers, a group of talented youth performed for them at the Commonwealth Resort Munyonyo, in Kampala.
We have to crush Rwanda.
Foreign Affairs minister, Sam Kutesa, of General Duties Eng.
Police BOSS BAKALEKE FACES 3 CASES .
The New Vision is with Charlie Trixibell.
“Ivan has the best legs in the business and a great body.
Uganda could be the next country hit by alarming malnutrition rates due to drought which has already sparked famine in southern Somalia and hunger in Kenya, Ethiopia and Djibouti, the United Nations warned today http://see.
Photos by Mubiru Kakebe.
The New Vision is with Ruthdavoice.
President Jacob Zuma wishes to advise that former President Nelson Mandela has today, 8 December 2012, been admitted in hospital in Pretoria to undergo tests.
The New Vision added 8 new photos — with Priscilla O. Kifeda and 4 others.
The truth is that they are just scared.
Stir in the milk, then mix in the baking powder and flour until just combined.
Some 60 million people across sub-Saharan Africa are already going hungry and the situation could deteriorate dramatically as climate phenomena hike the risk of drought, the Red Cross said Monday.
I would never stop him doing what he wanted to do but I don't want to move out and I can't help but feel that our relationship wouldn't be as strong and I would eventually lose him.
Looks like the Man's ghost is haunting them!
Just in: Boxer Floyd Mayweather stays undefeated!
I say fire burn them they make us fight each other.
We have the details in Saturday Vision.
Safety is at the core of who we are at Boeing, and ensuring safe and reliable travel on our airplanes is an enduring value and our absolute commitment to everyone,.
Incompetent infant teachers flood schools.
After four years, will you still watch 24?
Robert Willemse was on the 17th hole at the Paradise Palms course in Cairns in north Queensland on Saturday when he heard that a four-metre (13-foot) scrub python was gorging on the native marsupial nearby.
The lad showed up at the swearing in ceremony for the Lord Mayor of Kampala Erias Lukwago.
The bands tend to cut off blood circulation and we do not know if it is dangerous, all we need is to avoid the salt,” one of the miners says.
The Office of the Prime Minister has issued warnings and guidelines to farmers on the seasons, rainfall and disasters.
He said he ain't discomposed by the sanctions and that he doesn't have any wealth in the U.S. so wat does he want to talk abt?
I love my country I love sacrifices my people make.
P'Se, p'se p'se brothers and sisters , stop wasting your money and time, going out looking for fake jobs and afterwards you get raped, ending into forced prostition, entering into gay groups.
#Cecafa2015 31' The Uganda Cranes are taking on Rwanda in the Cecafa Finals.
New Vision, come to your senses.
Just IN: Former Vice President Gilbert Bukenya alongside his supporters has been detained by the Police at Kakiri Police Station.
Is Nene, Ramaphosa's secret weapon?
He is not rich, but tries to do anything to see us through; by giving us the best education and taking care of us.
Sudan'S president has ordered the stoppage of oil transfers through its territory from South Sudan from Sunday, state media report.
He died of high blood pressure midway the convention.
545 boxes of assorted drugs estimated at sh163.
After digging up the past of Joan of Arc, Richard the Lionheart and Napoleon Bonaparte, a top forensic sleuth on Friday unveiled a medical secret of Rene Descartes, a founder of modern philosophy.
I think God was short of angels and he picked Emmanuel.
😂 😂 so i should imagine that this month is June.
Most especially when kateregga(the witch doctor)who picked kasilye(the deceased) from his parents home and sacrificed him is out just because he said that he killed the boy on kajubis request in exchange for money 🙄🙄🙄😏 imagine kateregga again showed police the remains.
Can any of you tell me how much money will be snatched out of Uganda in a matter of hours.
Stakeholders react to school fees directive.
N crime're married together.
Uganda Registration Services Bureau and the Uganda Movies Fraternity march through town during the World Intellectual Property Day 2014 Celebration, themed Movies a Global Passion, 24 April 2014, Photo by Richard Sanya.
I am asking you, please, to remain among your people," the pope said at an audience of new bishops from around the world.
I'm now a legend, I'm also the greatest athlete to live.
The installation ceremony is taking place at Nyamitanga cathedral, in Mbarara.
A pilot hired by Deputy President William Ruto has been fired after a video of him assaulting a policewoman went viral on social media, sparking rage among Kenyans.
There are few seats left.
A loud explosion was heard from the building a few minutes back.
Does she want to take over his assets?
Delong Drainage Enquipment CO.
#Tuskerprojectfame #TeamSitenda Live on Urban Television now.
No one was injured aboard the Boeing 777-300ER, but one passenger described those moments as a "so-close to death" experience.
That is all a plan to sell Uganda to China.
The team doctor is injured, but all players are fine.
I wish the same to kazindaz and amamaz.
By kicking out ex officios, analysts say, the President seeks to consolidate NRM support at the grassroots.
The New Vision is with Wabwire Simwero.
2 DAYS to the TOTO Christmas Festival - All the Kiddie Fun in One Place!
Gold is Uganda's 2nd most valuable export, but less than the weekly 250 kg refined is mined here.
The Internet ad reads for the most part like a regular house listing, saying that the single-storey property has two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a parking space and a fish pond.
Let the flag continue flying.
That is the chorus from the internal affairs ministry as the repeated abuse of Ugandan diplomatic passport continues to soil the country’s image abroad.
He also leads the goal scoring chart in this year's campaign alongside Benin’s Stephen Sessegnon and Burkina Faso’s Jonathan Pitroipa.
It was kabila,now this one.
Former Zimbabwe president Robert Mugabe left $10m, 10 cars, a farm and two houses, details of his estate released today revealed.
First leg will be played in Lusaka.
Autopsy AND TOXICOLOGY FINDINGS FOR THE LATE HON CERINA NEBANDA.
Recently, a hospital belonging to aid agency, Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) was bombed.
The mass will be led by Bishop Serverus Jjumba of Masaka diocese.
We need more facilities".
Sterling collapsed to its lowest level since 1985 on Friday ahead of official referendum results as early numbers suggested that the vote would surprise markets, which had widely expected voters to opt for the status quo.
Bobi Wine speaks out on arrest, Wife and lawyers meet him at Makindye barracks, MPs blocked .
along Masaka road in Mpigi district, are to benefit from a new community health centre built by two Americans Bob Maher and Dave Kimbell.
Dont be surprised if prayers fail to atleast 1M @ after the return match, corruption in Uganda!
Share with us your thoughts.
jst from 1990 is ever be4?
The relatives of the patron of Boda Boda 2010 Abdalla Kitatta may have to live without him for the next eight years after court sentenced him to 8 years, 8 months and 6 days.
According to DP, Kiwanuka was the greatest man in the history of Uganda, basing on his unique political stature anchored on values of honesty, justice and advancing the common good of the nation.
The New Vision is with Derrick Lutaaya.
If we had linked up with him in time, things would have been different.
UHURU, remember the mwanayinki of your father Jomo Kenyatta,he was a patriotic in full!
Thats YOUR WHATS APP NUMBER?
They said Karamagi had been in detention for over 48 hours.
The New Vision is with Dj-mutturi Pro.
The foreign affairs ministry has, however, denied the reports.
How many report to u?
This is an upward adjustment of shs 1.
In this era of christianity?
Good work done 4 uganda Police!
Let him be castrated.
Our performance is largely attributed to the strong performance in the fixed interest & equity portfolios”.
He said DP would not be party to the boycott led by FDC on EALA polls, adding that he does not take instructions from other parties.
Was this pic taken from Busia produce ,?
Magara murder: Pato extradition hearing starts.
This lady diner was attracting a lot of attention because half her breasts were on show.
Where exactly is Kayihura?
Only a small number of foreign fans will be allowed past the tightly-controlled Equatorial Guinea borders to see the Africa Cup of Nations which was rescued by the country's autocratic leader Teodoro Obiang Nguema.
In an effort to secure her shoes, a vehicle that was following from behind, with other supporters on board, ran over her, smashing her head.
8b water project that is meant to serve over 130 villages in Kagadi, Muhorro, Kyenzige and Ruteete town councils in Kagadi district.
Its now official u have legalised your bonking sessions, go go go.
Gold Medal for Uganda Today.
Heavenly Father, thank you for the gift of life.
Where is the problem arising from?
Was the ambulance being driven by a truck driver or a taxi driver or a bus driver?
” “What about the future?
Or hsaram has taken root.
"Those are the traits that make up the greatest leaders and most successful people".
Nsereko has been linked to money laundering in which Police detectives questioned several senior managers of Crane Bank in Kampala.
War are Mr M7 victims.
The decline of Dubai is eminent.
R U Serious Gwe Gundi?
Photo credit: @Sebidde Kiryowa.
Lubega, 35 has fallen hook line and sinker for Nicole Kavuma, 25.
He wants to come out.
Magoba, a former candidate of Kibuye Primary School drowned in a swimming pool at Mestil Hotel, just a few hours to the commencement of the Primary Leaving Examinations.
No smoke without fire!
Drove through the gate.
The Police had to wait until after some hours for a valid order then the eviction continued.
The only issue we all have with the Uganda education system is the relevance to the 21st century needs.
Eid Adhuha: Friday 1st September 2017 declared a Public Holiday.
Has journalism gone to the dogs or the dogs has come to Journalism?
Tottenham Hotspur have agreed a fee of £11m for Southampton midfielder Victor Wanyama, BBC Radio Solent understands.
Baro, 54, was arrested on March 12 in Bugumba village, Iganga district after he was found in possession of a compact disc with videos showing two girls sucking his genitals.
The New Vision is with Joel Okello Onesmas and Kakule Peter.
Mother -Teresa declared saint.
Police clashed with rioting students again earlier today.
Al -Jazeera English sought an interview with President Yoweri Museveni on the margins of the 68th UN General Assembly in New York.
She has been a committed environmental activist and now comes in at a time when there is another environmental outcry.
My husband discovered recently that he had an eight-year-old daughter from someone he dated before we were married.
It'S New Vision wishing it fails.
President Museveni and Janet met Obama and Michelle on their current trip to the US for the 68th United Nations General Assembly.
If he refuses to finish whatever food is on his plate, just let it go.
The New Vision is with Peters Ebosele Ebhohimhen.
Afcon 2015: Uganda readies for Togo showdown bit.
The First edition of what will be a weekly pull out in the New Vision news paper, covering Oil, minerals & Energy Sectors.
Details in the Sunday Vision👉 #EPAPER: http://is.
R doesnot seek education to get a job.
His lecture on the theme: “Business Leadership in the 21st Century” took place on October 9, the same day Uganda was celebrating its 51st Independence Anniversary.
In future you will not get away with genocide, preaching and condoning and inciting violence, recruiting and deploying child soldiers and rape and pillaging!
Justice Byamugisha succumbed to breast cancer this morning at Case Clinic on Buganda Road.
On April 10, furniture supplier Dezy Business Systems Limited filed a suit at the Commercial Court in Kampala, demanding payment, saying Pioneer had ignored repeated reminders.
For both of you to repeat each other: so you know you've been heard and you feel understood.
Sekitoleko says that the school she was taken to had vast pieces of land to cultivate, which helped to shape her future career.
Share your valentine moment with us.
I was so devastated and so was my sister who raised them.
We have some children with albinosm in our school and all are treated the same.
"It is only witches who move at night," he said.
Prof Mondo Kagonyera has said his friendship with Nsibambi spanned 48 years.
Faisal Bukenya, the head of market making at Barclays Bank notes that high demand from oil and manufacturing sectors coupled by high inter-bank rates have seen the shilling lose some ground.
For #EPAPER click -.
The Russian space agency Roscosmos has approved the first private project aimed at ferrying wealthy tourists into space.
The New Vision is with Kaweesi Paul Ana Man and Ssekitooleko Emmanuel.
"My father J.W Ssentamu aka Bulaya is Superman; 40 children,36 graduates, stars, celebrities, doctors, lawyers, pastors, leaders, businessmen and women etc.
How much is the mattress,it's the business for some officials.
President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni sits in a Tricycle.
if slave trade is now down by our own?
Kaihuraz untouchable DPCs including one Mugerwa who had overstayed at Kabagala CPS got thrown to Butalejja within the 1st week of OMOz administration.
However, should the US lose by one goal and Ghana win with the same scoreline then the US would go through by virtue of their better head-to-head record against the Black Stars.
What started as a sweltering early evening has suddenly taken a turn.
• Mass at Namugongo at 12.
In a parable,Bob .
Arsenal: Ospina, Bellerin, Mertesacker, Koscielny, Monreal, Coquelin, Cazorla, Ramsey, Ozil, Sanchez, Giroud.
According to the Sun newspaper, the Queen made critical comments about the EU in a lunch held with then Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg four years ago.
If this man can be drafted into the police force I believe it shall get a face.
Mr president if u cud only see da comment here.
Host President Yoweri Museveni has arrived, and a colourful crowd is at Kololo.
The New Vision is with Sakhile Dudue Ndlovu.
Sam Kabuga who goes by the alias name “Machinery” was arrested by Katwe police after evading detectives in a lodge in Zzana on Entebbe road where he had been hiding.
We need to know wat happened, the lady was married left in mbarara, she dies in one night without husband knowing she was in kla, wat deal did she have with Joshua?
Kickoff is at 5PM!
The United States Embassy Cultural Officer, Lisa Larson, and Food and Agriculture Organisation(FAO) country Representative,Al-Haji Jallow presided over the function.
According to KCCA, there was no proper plan and the building property had been confiscated twice, since materials used at the site were substandard.
It'S the government taking over it's assets!
An ongoing campaign by the Church of Uganda dubbed, ‘love gift’ has so far raised over sh1.
ODM membrs mko wapi?
5 specifically for Kit.
The world hit a record number of Covid infections in a seven-day period, with more than 935,000 cases detected on average each day between 22-28 December.
A 12-year-old girl in Kamuli district beat a big field to win a 50km bicycle race yesterday.
If Kaihura who committed bulky crimes is just enjoying life.
The African Union's health watchdog has accused world leaders of falling short in their pledge to share coronavirus vaccines with poorer nations, and their failure risked making the disease endemic.
Uganda’S national women rugby 7s team coach Allan Musoke has named his final squad of 12 players for the African Olympic qualifiers due September 26 -27 at the Barnard Stadium, Kempton Park in Johannesburg in South Africa.
The New Vision is with Ndahukyiza Benon and Ødõngö Isáàc.
A report by a U.N. panel of experts leaked to Reuters last week accused Uganda and Rwanda of providing support to M23, whose insurgency has displaced half a million people in North Kivu province, which borders both countries.
No HE Yoweri Kaguta Museveni is enough for us.
The wounded, including three children, were brought to the Dar-ul Shifa hospital from the Ago dhiig area of the Warta Nabada district, hospital director Mohamed Abas told Al Jazeera.
Now are they showing the public that they are patriots?
If you thought Gen.
The money is being raised to help renovate Namugongo and Munyonyo Martyrs shrine ahead of Pope Francis' visit next month.
As Parliament debates the Marriage and Divorce Bill, women MPs are divided on whether to scrap cohabitation clauses in the Bill or leave them in.
Prof Nawangwe also noted that he was mentored by Nsibambi to be strict.
Now this is when Buganda becomes a problem to Uganda!
Every thing on schools but you can't see far.
The New Vision added 60 new photos — with Tinyefuza David and Paul Mutyaba.
Somber mood in Parliament during a special sitting to pay tribute to the late Hon Ibrahim Abiriga who was brutally gunned down on Friday.
Himself being blind, he testifies to experiencing firsthand what it means to live without sight.
All despite all the hardships he underwent that saw him drop out of school for lack of school fees.
Grab yourself a copy or Subscribe to our epaper.
Semujju, the FDC party spokesperson, was on Thursday afternoon arraigned before Nakawa Chief Magistrates Court.
Makame Mbarawa said the decision was aimed at boosting service delivery and getting workers to concentrate on their jobs.
Today'S Quote: It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
🗞️ More tips 👉🏽 bit.
Talking about your ex is dangerous territory.
Catholic Leaders - stop being hypocrites - a solution to immorality must be found.
You correcting us kasasiro wa mawuliire still to fall you?
James Kaija is the new director research at the Chieftain of Military Intelligence while Lt.
Has the complainant failed to bring witnesses?
The tournament due on December 15-21 will be a boost of confidence for the development of the sport, according to Uganda Roll ball Association chairman Thomas Bamuteeze.
Want a promotion at work?
Museveni tells security chiefs to work as a team.
Pope Francis denounced the deceptiveness of "the culture of appearance" in a ceremony marking Ash Wednesday, the first day of Lent, the 40-day period before Easter when Catholics traditionally fast.
"The audit discovered that blood was being stored outside the required temperature range in hospitals and health centre IVs, with some developing maggots, hence creating a risk of rotten blood being transfused to patients.
Why don't u write about car impounded and left at police stations, within two days u will only find the frame while the inner parts have disappeared like the police evidences do.
Improve on our skills and knowledge to produce instead of being dependent of foreiginers products which also render the country to spend more to acquire that western technology.
The development was revealed when the league’s title sponsor Airtel was renewing its partnership with Federation of Uganda Basketball Association (FUBA) for a second season.
People with Albinism want to be categorized as part of PWDs.
The Police recovered a body wrapped in a black polythene bag, tucked under sacks of silver fish (mukene) at Kasenyi landing site in Entebbe.
The New Vision is with Rakesh Mpal Kumar.
A lady only identified as Doreen, stands by the roadside waiting for a good samaritan to give her a lift in order to go for antenatal checkup.
💪🏋️‍♀️👉 Work that body!
#Fineart: Pencil drawing by Lenin Rajan.
The New Vision is with Kanyesigye James.
Who sneaked into one of the highly guarded areas in the country and killed the boss?
The United States military confirmed on Tuesday that a guided missile cruiser is en route to the Black Sea as worries persist about the ongoing crisis between Ukraine and Russia.
The greatest untapped resource available for improving the lives of our children is time with Dad early and often.
The minister of lands, housing and urban development Daudi Migereko has urged government to invest in sports and be able to reap benefits that come with sports.
Bunyoro Prime minister's case dismissed.
Congs to sadio mane and muhamad sarah.
Is Uganda's music industry dying?
Only for the so called VIPs just like the police 🚔 ambulances 🚑.
State house & UPDF needs all the money!
Democratic Party (DP) has called on all political parties to show the spirit of tolerance in any political contest to have unity in diversity after the elections.
Leaders of the European Union meet in Brussels on Thursday to agree on a deal to offer Turkey the following day that would secure Ankara's commitment to a scheme intended to halt migrant flows to the Greek islands.
Motions flood Kadaga's office.
He was even beyond the age.
The New Vision is with Emmy Odongo and 2 others.
Which act in the Ugandan constitution allows ministry of health to give orders in a state election.
Announces that he has constituted a committee to work with government towards achieving this goal.
Dr. Ruhakana Rugunda to deliver Special Message to the UN Secretary-General today on allegations contained in the report of DRC GoE.
See story in the Sunday Vision-https://vpg.
The Kabaka Ronald Muwenda Mutebi II is to commission Masengere building commonly known as 'Bulange Plaza' during his birthday celebrations.
I’m strongly denouncing it as an affront to the people of the area who surrendered their land to Government,” the integrity minister Rev.
A city mechanical engineer is being held by police over the suspected murder of his girlfriend, a Makerere University Business School (MUBS) third year student of Business Computing.
President Museveni silences opposition over Kayihura sanctions.
A public holiday will be observed, according to Uganda Media Center ED Ofwono Opondo.
Like Vision Mwalimu page for more stories on Education.
Kiprotich, who finished third in his last Bupa Greatest Race outing in Newcastle last month is among the Elite runners, and he will again face off with defending champion Kenyan Geoffrey Mutai and world marathon record holder Wilson Kiprotich Kipsang, who will be making his debut in the New York marathon.
No ONE IS INTIMIDATING GEN.
we are tired of sayin,they are in talks,stil waitin 4 masks,stil tryin to tek new precautions at the borders with truck drivers.
Will this battle be ultimately decided by the spot kicks?
You can do anything with a positive attitude better than you can do it with a negative one.
He now knows that they have bribed MPs so these MPs cannot amend the law, Byarugaba get out of this joke, are you working for workers or you are working for this government?
m7 just b silent coz u a spoilling yo BAD image when u talk!
4 percent of the vote, the electoral commission said.
Photo by Kiffasi John Paul.
“It is not the years in your life but the life in your years that counts!
The legislators have also castigated the practice of Universities setting pre-entry exams, yet the students have already passed the National UNEB examinations.
President Yoweri Museveni will grace the occasion.
Many natural resource rich countries,have not fared well and are struggling with inflationary pressures that affect competitiveness.
May You be glorified in everything we set out to do this day.
Former Prime Minister Baroness Thatcher has died at 87 following a stroke, her spokesman has said.
The Electoral Commission has said stopping rallies was not their decision, but a recommendation by the health ministry.
As universities, vocational and technical institutions continue to churn out graduates for the oil and gas sector, the graduates are facing a stark reality that there are no jobs.
After four consecutive quarters of growth, the economy of Africa's most industrialised country contracted by 1.
The same story can also happen to the best S.4 candidates who sat Alevel last yr.
Big No she is a WOMAN!
Cracks in DP : Nambooze defies Mao.
Emulate President Siyad Bare.
I CAN SEE THINGS ARE MOVING FROM BAD TO WORSE.
A man who chopped off his wife’s head after accusing her of having an affair with another man has been handed a 45-year jail sentence by the High Court in Luweero.
The vaccinated should also avoid our areas of unvaccinated.
He replaces Bosco Onyik.
The ministry indicated that all unvaccinated visitors with urgent business will be served at the entrance.
0027630045222 Note: No blood sacrifices or killing of loved once.
As we clap for their behavior ,they pocket good money.
Dealers smuggle cocaine through Entebbe UN base.
The New Vision is with Aneru Henry.
In a separate bowl, mix together 1/2 cup of sugar with the cinnamon.
All planes local/ international must be grounded for at least one or 2 month(s).
-The faster, farther and more frequently you walk, the greater the benefits.
Semenya phobia gripped athletics fans at Namboole when a Kenyan athlete won the 800m gold at the 2012 East African Youth Athletics Championships.
Find more about feeding structure in the video.
#Uganda 1 Zambia 0 Danger-man Emma Okwi warming up.
Proxy wars fabricated by you New vision and your boss M7.
The makeshift vehicle was not road worthy.
The Premier league table as it stands after today's Manchester United defeat of rivals Manchester City 4-2, Who do you think will win the league?
So my advise is.
The New Vision is with Nuwahereza Praise and 3 others.
#750 instead of#200 .
Us State department casts doubt on reports that #LRA leader Joseph #Kony wants to surrender; saying this could be a ploy by Kony to buy time to reorganize his forces and train more fighters for war.
Both rider and excess passenger are liable.
Are those children in the picture really from karamoja?
People hv some respect.
Easter Survey reveals surprising details about Anglicans, spending and priorities.
Public universities are punching far below their weight when it comes to usage of technologies that would help them save money.
🤩🎉 Isn’t it amazing how our new look makes us better than before.
#Newvision Secretary to the Treasury, Keith Muhakanizi, today (Wednesday) interfaces with Parliament Public Accounts Committee to explain the role played by the ministry of finance in the botched sh15b Presidential Initiative on Markets.
Suppose Ive Been To China Bt Not For business?
A water crisis hit Lira Municipality and surrounding areas in the last one week forcing residents to spend nights lining up at few wells and boreholes in search of water.
What should be done to tame violence?
The 36-year-old Lazio striker needs just one goal to equal Brazilian Ronaldo's all-time World Cup record haul of 15.
All seats will be empty.
The pope is expected in the chronically unstable former French colony from November 28 to 29 during a much-anticipated visit to Africa which will also see him travel to Kenya and Uganda.
Parenting tip:Trust your mommy gut.
Ubc in sh68b dubious digital deal with chinese firm.
He'S long dead (bless his soul) but that did not stop Kabugombe.
She has a fulltime job, but she insists that we should not have a maid, so we have to do everything.
What if a priest is saying mass and his ex throws a stone towards him while giving a sermon or she throws a tantrum in front of the church, trust what women can do under any circumstances.
Big Day for Uganda.
“Our angels are busy watching out for trespassers and law breakers!
The ministry of Energy and mineral development has taken over the Amber house.
In uganda it will be given to besigye!
See related stories at-.
The New Vision is with Njuguna Steven.
The New Vision is with Arinabo Augustine Katoli and 3 others.
A video broadcast on social media in July 2018 showed soldiers shooting two kneeling, blindfolded women as well as a baby on one of their backs and a girl.
Its not all abt mone sometimes.
What is the life expectancy of south sudan and central afrincan republic?
Obua was FUFA President from 1998 to 2004.
She retains her title.
President Yoweri Museveni has ordered government-aided schools and universities to stop charging foreign students higher fees than their Ugandan counterparts.
Celebrated lawyer Dr. Joseph Byamugisha, who died in Kampala Tuesday (September 28) will be buried on Thursday in Kabale.
Heat vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat; cook and stir beef until browned, 3 to 4 minutes.
me feel lyk am nt thinking.
The teenager was shot in the head by Taliban gunmen in 2012.
Canon Gideon Byamugisha is one among the many living with this virus.
Govt will for 14 days suspend all public transport - Kaguta Museveni.
3m) in additional financing for the Uganda COVID-19 response and emergency preparedness project.
Her VISION: How often should one use emergency pills?
More than 400 people have been killed since April when Nkurunziza said he would run for a third term, triggering street protests and a coup attempt.
President Yoweri Museveni said African countries can use the crisis to come up with their vaccine, rather than waiting on the West to rescue them.
Y dont u join politics.
Read about Museveni's ministers over the years.
Did you say rumor?
The personnel treated patients with a number of conditions that included malaria, diarrhea, pneumonia, TB HIV/AIDS counseling among others.
Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston are reportedly enjoying a secret romance.
See more here -.
It is always an endless debate of whether it is the humanities or sciences discipline that deserves more attention in the country’s allocation of resources.
Farmers IN 40 DISTRICTS GET SH 565 BILLION.
Lord Mayor Erias Lukwago, his deputy Sulaiman Kidandala and Makindye Division Councillor Allan Ssewanyana are under arrest at Kampala Central Police Station.
Court squashed Nantaba's directive to give away Kiberu's 38 acres of land located in Wasozi Kitende to another family following a dispute.
China-Uganda Isimba and karuma hydro power dams.
Bite into a meal like no other on 21 Faraday Road, Bugolobi at The Athena Hotel.
Express FC head coach Wasswa Bbosa has lauded forward Eric Kambale’s return to goalscoring form.
Stop the killings and diloque!
Currently, donors are contributing 68% of the funding towards HIV programmes.
They will spend the next one hour warming up outside the stadium under the watchful eye of physiotherapist Michael Aleku and coach Ahimbisibwe.
Funny She says not bore hole or Spring water.
But the excellency said he would pay it back.
atleast she isnt stealing frm anybody.
“We should as a matter of urgency, collaborate with the security agencies at all times especially during this festive season to avert any form of crime including terrorism,” Todwong said.
Let’s do all the things in our means that can prevent Ugandans from contracting this deadly Coronavirus,” he said.
Photo Eden Hazard celebrates his 7th #BPL goal of the season.
As of June 23, a total of 834, 271 Ugandans had been vaccinated so far, with only about 40,000 of them having got a second jab.
Instead, glean out the teachable nuggets and move on.
Eunus Bagada returns from Khartoum to CMI.
Actually, we call it “techno”, just like everybody else does, except.
#Facebook verifies @VisionGrp's pages #thenewvision and #xfmug goo.
Whenever u feel bad tell God that that's not the real you and the feelings will go .
I what to learn chines on line?
The New Vision is with Racheal T Kabahuma.
And very soon the dust shall settle.
The New Vision is with Musa Moses and 3 others.
The Kujukuri beach in Chiba prefecture, 100km to the east of Tokyo, will see the first ever Olympic surfing event contested.
#Egypt blowing up homes belonging to 10,000 people along the border with #Gaza to create buffer zone between Egypt and Palestine.
The parliamentary committee on national economy is proposing that the accessible mid-term figure be pushed to 50%.
"We are West Africans.
that could make some news atleast.
Happening NOW: Quinn Abenakyo's fundraising drive.
Make sure your child understands the changes.
One person is dead, and another has been injured in a double shooting at the Independence High School in Glendale, Arizona.
Former Kira Municipality Mayor Mamerito Mugerwa has defended ownership of land near Namboole Stadium, dismissing claims that Govt paid him between 1990 and 1992.
They also become the first country to win the tournament twice!
Can this muzei walk for 100km?
Emmanuel Cardinal Wamala marked 87 years of age while presiding over the opening of the new Catholic Church St. Charles Lwanga in Kampala.
Interested applicants may contact our whatsapp directly : +48732100850 (REGENT WARSAW HOTEL, POLAND, Recruitment Dept.
What IS YOUR VIEW ON THIS.
Join us this Friday at the Harvest Money Expo.
Flooding at Beirut's only Jewish cemetery swept away entire graves after heavy rainfall hit the Lebanese capital.
I wish they also screen the crisis ov poverty in our country!
The New Vision added 11 new photos — with Wasswa Arafat.
A kind of democracy that grows terror, no democracy.
Bwoba tolina oja kuzala olabe , owulile omwana bwaluma .
Get the details in New Vision #EPAPER - https://vpg.
The Africans are gridy dats it,may God help Africa.
When you go into entertainment, we are picking entertainment groups from different parts of the country that will be able to depict a complete picture of the country’s.
It's what my party wants and what the country needs".
The Ministry of Lands, Housing and Urban Development has finalised draft guidelines on land evictions, to pave way for orderly and fair claims.
The competition named ‘Uganda’s Best Farmer’ is a partnership between Dfcu Bank, the Royal Netherlands Embassy and Vision Group.
The video was provided to Associated Press already altered.
Mobile phones that will explode while charging; generators that do not work; shoes whose soles will not last a day; radio batteries that cannot play the full length of Franco’s Mario — those are the products on Uganda’s streets.
The King called on men to support their wives in eliminating HIV.
BUt unfortunately its like a game of fools to make the Ugandans also fools.
Does it make sense to limit WhatsApp/Facebook usage by civil servants?
If at all its real life then we need 2 develop a movie this is gd script.
Add a little oil.
He seems to spend every single day playing on the X-Box.
The pension fund was decentralized after over sh165b was stolen.
The Special Representative of the Chairperson of the African Union Commission (SRCC) for Somalia, Ambassador Mahamat Saleh Annadif has asked members of the Somali community living in the United Kingdom to contribute to the reconstruction of their country.
Now INSTEAD OF Pay as you earn you want it to be "pay as you earn and save as you pay".
#Bestfarmers2017 visiting Tijms company, learning about irrigation.
Court rejects bid to shift Col.
Opposing M7 IN UGANDA IS A TREASONABLE?
A hospital detained a patient over unpaid bill.
Don’t we have the Uganda police force?
Mix in the flour.
People Power activists had organised prayers both at Kawuma’s home in Lusanja and at Kamwokya Catholic Parish.
L dont kno y museveni z doing all these.
If you don't try to never repeat the mistake again, merely saying you are sorry for what you did, does not provide a chance for reconciliation.
Ahaaaa haaaaa, just smiling, Congs Bwana Alex.
“Did you know that for a female weaver bird to submit to a suitor’s proposal, he has to prove his weaving perfection.
Everydog has its day today kaweesi tomorrow someone else Rip.
Patrick Amuriat reacts to the accident that has led to the suspension of his campaign.
“I am suffering from tuberculosis so I cannot share this bottle with any of them [her children],” Jennifer Nangwedde tells me.
Congs Ayeny T. Steve Steve.
Find a guide to pass O'level in your copy of the New Vision.
How does he provide for his family while in detention?
The Metropolitan Archbishop of Kampala, Dr Cyprian Kizito Lwanga, refutes media reports that he asked the Government to give him sh9b to organise Pope Francis’ visit.
• Distance of 13.
The co-founder of the world’s biggest social network bought the properties after hearing rumors that a developer wanted to purchase one of them and market it as being near Zuckerberg’s house, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the details aren’t public.
#Breakingnews: Saudi Arabia-King Abdallah dies aged 90, crown prince named http://t.
The Kiira Electric Vehicle plant is expected to produce 5,000 vehicles annually, according to the project proposal.
Mtn Uganda and Airtel Uganda wish to inform the public that effective May 26, 2020, all MTN mobile money and Airtel money rates have been revised.
Yah we r even socially fit!
Mps want ICT state minister minister Idah Nantaba and Persis Namuganza disciplined over offensive language use.
Family friends who exclusively spoke to Sunday Vision said the deceased had attempted to access President Yoweri Museveni for the second time and promised to share.
Protesters blocked traffic at the University of Juba junction, setting up roadblocks and throwing stones at passing cars.
Israel took another step towards post-pandemic normalcy on Sunday, opening restaurants, bars and cafes to vaccinated 'green pass' holders, with about 40 percent of the population fully inoculated against the coronavirus.
Prince Kassim Nakibinge has urged more translations of the Koran into more other languages so that Moslems learn more of their religion.
Venansius Baryamureeba who has been serving in acting capacity for about three years.
All ministries rotten to fuel scam of billions Just investigate all not only department of police force.
Muslims have appealed to the government to give them an equal opportunity as Christians to preach on the streets.
Trans-Border communities living in Rwenzori region districts near Queen Elizabeth National Park are waking up to the economic benefits of sustainable utilisation of natural resources.
That officer if l..
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's Manchester United legend was built on scoring the goal that won the Champions League, but, 20 years on, the Norwegian now concedes the United side he has inherited as manager are not even fit to grace that competition.
Death has robbed the country of yet another senior army engineer Lt.
Did you know that #Sudan has more Pyramids than #Egypt?
police cant really establish the fact.
Don't google that one.
Daveshan Development (U) Limited, a company owned by a British national, David Greenhalgh, the former boyfriend of Shanita Namuyimbwa, best known as Bad Black, has dragged the Attorney General and the Commissioner General of Prisons to court seeking orders returning Meddie Ssentongo to prison.
Lord, we ask for your unfailing guidance, as we step out in search of our daily bread today.
Students on Thursday went on strike protesting being blacklisted by the University administration for failure to pay tuition last academic year.
Museveni and his wife are leading by example in a bid to roll-back the HIV epidemic in Uganda.
The Minister for Agriculture, Animal Industry, and Fisheries, Frank Tumwebaze, has launched one of the biggest irrigation schemes in the country.
Rights are Rights with or without a poor economic situation.
After receiving lots of feedback from the public on his address last evening, H.E Kaguta Museveni will today, at 8:00pm, hold a televised address to respond to some of the issues - says Don Wanyama.
Jose Mourinho has returned to Chelsea for a second spell in charge at Stamford Bridge.
What a lesson for the young men of today!
She says it works better than the antagonistic way of resolving land disputes.
Despite being high in fat, nuts are incredibly nutritious and healthy.
In the first place why were they phased out?
Finals of Ekigwo Ggumbya are on that day.
oba ogenda kkola otya.
Share this post and spread the news!
Oweto - US President Barack Obama on Tuesday shook hands with Raul Castro, leader of long-time Cold War foe Cuba, at the Nelson Mandela memorial service in Soweto.
It is not just returning!
Dear God, You have folded back the cover of the night to clothe us in the golden glory of the day.
Ahaaaa, no more shortage of doctors.
We have picked from an album of pictures that rocked the nation.
Find out what next for UPC as its bank accounts run dry.
'Anyone who can set up an oxygen plant is welcome.
The New Vision is with Patrick Bwango.
I give this day and all that it holds to you.
"I am in charge here"!
The money is said to have accumulated over a period of three years: http://ow.
Do you know how many MPs have lost their seats?
Now such people do something and they know that the have to pay for what they have done.
The Uganda Peoples’ Congress president Dr. Olara Otunnu is under immense pressure to convene the national council and a delegates’ conference before the end of March without which he will be thrown out of office.
1:Is it government owned?
ug You can ask a question if you are in Uganda.
In the BEAT: BLACK PANTHER POWER.
21세기는 둘이모여 하나되는 이치로 인류가 하나되어 존중과 배려의 상생으로 전 세계가 자유와 평화를 마음껏 누려야 할 시기임을 세계의 모든 지도자는 먼저 깨달아야 한다.
Russia has not and does not plan to interfere with the results of the referendum, he added.
Ibrahim's lawyer and her husband (Daniel Wani), a US citizen, were denied access to her.
The Korean government has expressed interest in supporting the government of Uganda in the production of upland rice in the districts of Pallisa and Kibuku, along R.Mpologoma.
Who IS YOUR HERO?
Butambala MP Muwanga Kivumbi has petitioned the Constitutional Court to quash the public order management Bill 2011, arguing that it is a "ploy" by Government to "smuggle back" a clause in the Police Act that was expunged by the court in 2005.
Did bebe's son score ?
Electricity consumers are to start paying variable monthly tariffs adjusted for inflation, exchange rate changes and oil prices on January 15.
A primary school teacher has claimed the Lira RDC, Milton Odongo, is using his academic papers.
Find out more in the New Vision-https://vpg.
More details in the Saturday Vision-https://vpg.
We have the most greedy mps in the whole world,its of no use?
The New Vision added 11 new photos.
Read, Watch, Listen all in ONE.
Mourners gathered to pay their last respects to the late Bishop Benon Magezi of North Kigezi Diocese at a funeral service at All Saints Cathedral, Nakasero on Thursday, June 17, 2021.
Major Chris Magezi, the spokesman for Senior Presidential Adviser for Special Operations Lt Gen Muhoozi Kainerugaba; Tuesday (December 8, 2020) lost his mother Betty Namasaba.
A second year student at African College of Commerce (ACC) in Kabale district has died while procuring unsafe abortion.
Your impression of the game so far?
May we overcome every hurdle IJN.
This would bring each student annual unit cost to sh4.
This in effect guarantees Kenyatta as the fourth president of Kenya.
The MPs came under criticism last week for demanding for a pay raise to protect themselves from the biting inflation and an advance of sh50m after chasing away journalists.
All roads lead to Imperial Royale Hotel for the much=awaited finale of Coca Cola Rated Next singing show.
#Breaking: #Malaysia police have identified a 19-year-old Iranian passenger who boarded Malaysia Airlines Flight #MH370 on a stolen passport.
<P>His death marks a major shift in Nigeria's 12-year-old jihadist insurgency that has killed more than 40,000 people and displaced around two million in the northeast.
Nyeko Pen Mogi has been appointed as acting chairperson of the Uganda Land Commission (ULC).
What can I do?
After her dream, she set out to peddle herbal concoctions.
YOU'RE A UNIQUE HERO!
She deserved a pardon!
You can also listen to Part 1:.
The National Roads Authority has been ordered to recover sh3.
Scholarship opportunists are already their.
there is nothing knew .
The area is among several entry points for refugees and traders from DRC to Uganda via Lake Albert.
Uganda Police Force have explained why NUP leader Robert Kyagulanyi was blocked from accessing Kayunga citing possible incidents of incitement and hooliganism.
The New Vision is with Mpaata Collinz and Charlie Trixibell.
Is this a fundamental change?
Afterall, these animals are carnivors.
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer says Manchester United are not scared of playing the second leg of their Champions League quarter-final against at the Camp Nou after drawing Barcelona on Friday.
When you're okay you walk for years now you are saying that immediate family member,am sure by the tym you will release that money the patient in ICU will be already dead.
this is attempted murder.
H. E we need new young faces with new ideas and motivation and experience with new technology etc.
Flashback 1 - August 31, 2012: How sh300m was raised for Kiprotich after his Olympic Gold last year.
“We know Bududa residents have their rights and Government needs to respect them but it also has the mandate to protect them.
Assuming a visa is granted, immigration officials will most likely issue him a visitor's single entry visa that is valid for 90 days and which will cost him $100.
President Museveni wraps up his delivery by making a case for government's his ability to deal with crime.
However, her parents dissuaded her from taking that career path diverting her into banking.
This paper is for which date?
This is in line with the directive by the regional leaders at the end of last week’s emergency meeting called by the International Conference on the Great Lakes Region (ICGLR) regional bloc to end way fighting in eastern DR Congo.
These two are hypothetical, but it will be this year.
He says he wants to rescue Omoro people from deputy Speaker Jacob Oulanya.
If it stumbled on a poacher picking its kick, he risks a kick that can kill a charging lion.
The districts of Butebo and Bukedea have failed to fix a bridge which was washed away in May 2017.
That IS GOOD NEWS!
The New Vision is with Fax Wax Williams.
Did you know that there is a close relation between Fistula and Female Genital Mutilation?
The Court Martial chaired by Colonel Francis Kyakonye started with the trial of two suspects believed to have been behind the death of a policeman in Soroti 9 years ago.
Kireka is the name of a township in Central Uganda.
You wish to your father who is in state house.
We have gone all spiritual with Pastor Wilson Bugembe.
Fishermen in the district of Kasese have expressed concern over the appalling sanitation conditions at the landing sites.
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.
The New Vision is with Twekambe Mulox Berunga.
The proprietor of Kalita bus company, Patrick Lucky has died.
The 79-year-old Samaliya Kiyanja Tea Estate in Kiyanja village, Masaka district has stopped operations.
u silly dog obama.
What the heck is that?
Youngster Elia Meschack's brilliance helps DR Congo win a record second CHAN title after beating Mali 3-0 in a pulsating game in Kigali.
The National Social Security Fund (NSSF) has today announced a new 10% interest rate for its members, up from 6%.
Joze Chameleon and wife; Daniela Atim gets another baby.
Oh, Lord my God.
Stay focused on the present, and your future will be successful.
The Court of Appeal has ordered the release of a Ugandan man who was acquitted of terrorism and murder but was still in prison two years later.
In GOAL : BATTLE ON.
There has been an accident in Nakasongola where NRM flag Bearer HE Museveni is expected to hold a rally.
Lawyers have urged the government to include them on the list of essential workers so they can continue offering services to people in critical need of legal services in the country during the lockdown.
•The delegates will be taken around to tour Uganda’s beautiful scenery, such as the source of the Nile and also for gorilla tracking.
Be close to our leaders; give them vision and courage, as they ponder on decisions affecting peace and the future of our country.
The New Vision is with Enginear Asiimwe Andrew and Kiwanuka Meddie.
1991 - The IRA launches a mortar attack on 10 Downing Street during a cabinet meeting.
But Stanford University School of Medicine researchers say working on your diet and fitness simultaneously may put the odds of reaching both goals more in your favor.
Renowned British physicist Stephen Hawking, whose mental genius and physical disability made him a household name and inspiration across the globe, has died at age 76, his family said Wednesday-.
Museveni opens Tororo cement factory.
"Every morning starts a new page in your story, make it a great one today".
Unless the Government changes its mentality that "any fool can teach" and take the words of Ezewu " No nation is better than its education system and vice versa", then no wonder such discrepancies in education Ministry.
Kibule made the call and condemned the act after he and police spokesperson Judith Nabakooba visited the woman in a facility in a city suburb on Thursday to assess the progress in her recovery and to assure her of government’s commitment to bring the perpetrators to book.
The Prime Minister of Buganda Kingdom, Peter Mayiga greeting Tooro King Oyo (seated) during Kabaka Mutebi's 60th birthday celebration.
6 trillion approved by Parliament last month.
Omuntu yajjirwa M7 ne mbwa ze.
All the judiciary section in Uganda is corrupt.
from you he come to us.
De Kock, was arrested a week after Nelson Mandela was elected president in 1994, was sentenced in 1996 to two life terms for six murders and a further 212 years' imprisonment for other crimes.
Bishop Dlungwane told BBC Focus on Africa that the donation by the Jacob Zuma Foundation was a "start" in the effort to translate the bible from the "biblical languages of Hebrew and Greek".
Police argues some ministries are allocated a lot of money, yet the Police lack accommodation and stay in the mama ingia pole huts (uniports).
We shall never forget you.
Find out other ways the border post will benefit the business sector #EPAPER - https://vpg.
A 23-year-old mother of two has been admitted at Mulago Hospital after her husband cut her legs with a panga.
#Agony: My girlfriend sent naked pictures to another man.
Chinese firms employ 33,000 Ugandans over a period of the last 19 years, the Chinese ambassador, Zhao Yali, has revealed.
In MWALIMU: Students shun loan scheme; Grab your copy of the New Vision for details.
⚽️🏆 Vipers SC have been declared Uganda Premier League 2019/20 champions.
"We can't rely on traditional pathways to politics and the traditional politicians who walk those paths if we want transformational change".
l am still a scout.
Ad: “You can’t transform something you don’t understand.
Major Kiggundu murder suspects charged with terrorism.
Corruption has been embedded into the DNA of most Ugandans.
Let them increase them so that they can sleep comfortably in the parliament .
The National Resistance Movement (NRM) leadership in Wakiso District has split with one faction opposing the purported suspension of Prof Gilbert Bukenya, the district Chairman.
“Mayinja was on Monday taken for medical examination review and it was established that he is mentally stable and was in his right mind when he committed the crime,” said Akankwasa in an exclusive interview with New Vision.
So do not fear, for I am with you; do not be dismayed, for I am your God.
A number of wealthy Ugandan women are opting for Artificial Insemination Using Donor Sperm (AID) to get babies.
And the sky is not really blue either.
Ajilong Terego RDC said she had observed that market-goers were not following the Standard Operating Procedures of social distancing and handwashing among others.
The New Vision added 13 new photos — in Kampala, Uganda.
The police spokesperson Andrew Felix Kaweesi has said the former KCCA director physical planning George Agaba died on arrival to Mbarara Hospital.
But today, the 33-year-old Michael Kironde owns two big secondary schools and a vocational institute among other business undertaking.
Dear Lord, help me remember what difference it makes when I make time with you a priority in my life.
Get a copy of the New Vision for details #EPAPER- https://epaper.
It was very dark for the young girl, who, only a year ago had been excited that she had finally become a woman (when she had started developing breasts).
Can sending money be instant?
Representative to represent it.
Iso boss unravels the mysteries via bit.
President Yoweri Museveni said on Sunday, during celebrations to mark the Women's Day, that rapists and defilers should be sentenced to death.
And what recklessness by the #Tanzania🇹🇿 substitute keeper Razak Shekimweri!
I was born and raised in Kitgum to a great businessman\Farmer who believed so much in Education and a better future for his children.
What is UN and World leaders waiting for?
Find out in the New Vision why the sector needs regulation and the expected content of the law.
Uganda zabu , coz if it All u still have pupils of the nation  who attend classes from mango trees shade but u go on and waste taxpayers money in such a way then I question ur integrity, countries like uganda we are not yet their coz ask ur self how many pupils in uganda can afford to buy phones maybe minister is considering Kampala as uganda.
🎥 Watch below 👇🏽 a sneak peek of what you will be reading about in this week's Sunday Vision (December 19, 2021).
Just Because Islamic States,Western States Ar Only Affaid Of Developing Islamic States.
And it had better be because 2021 wasn’t a year to be proud of.
A-Uk-Based Ugandan, Raymond Karugaba, has sued a Kampala land developing company, Akright Projects Limited, for what he described as fraudulent sale of land and breach of contract.
In Jesus’ name, Amen.
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
The New Vision is with Immaculate Jacqueline Nakigozi and Prince Tonny Joseph Muyego.
Nepal won the toss and elected to bat first, posting 116.
All it takes for one to participate is to stop whatever one is doing at 11:00am and devote the next 20 minutes or more to reading a book.
According to post on the St. Charles County police Facebook page, officers responded to a medical emergency at the residence around 12:40 p.m but on arrival, they found an unresponsive man inside.
Problem in ug is always the I'll motives of govt officials.
Get the full story in today's Saturday Vision.
On the eve of the final debate before Iowa voters weigh in, Trump refused to back off his decision to boycott Thursday's prime-time faceoff.
Donald Trump, in a fiery attack on Hillary Clinton before a crowd of thousands in North Carolina, called his Democratic opponent a liar and said “her conduct is disqualifying”.
Profiles of star students are published at NO FEE at Vision Group, except in the case of advertisements.
More details in the e-paper here 👉 bit.
Rwandans vote to amend the national constitution to remove the two-term limit for the President.
All are welcome to be part of the show!
Spread ur wings and fly high.
First Lady tips families on adolescent girls.
Nrm and their newspaper promote religious sectarianism in this country.
The tax is not on buses ans taxis, it's on passangers.
Makerere University College of Agricultural and Environmental Sciences will Friday pay its last respect to Prof.
Opportunities are like sunrises.
Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari has warned fellow West African leaders not to violate their constitutions to stay in power, as regional counterparts push for controversial third terms.
The Court of Appeal on Thursday declined to release on bail prominent Kampala lawyer Bob Kasango, who was last year jailed for 16 years for stealing sh15.
The Electoral Commission (EC) will today kick off the demarcation of electoral areas and polling stations, including more than 300 constituencies.
#Austria'S 'bearded lady' wins #Eurovision Song Contest.
Got a quick question about the Fund you want answered?
He is a sacrifice to the thousand thieves .
Complaints of the bureaucratic process at the lands ministry are far from over, New Vision has learnt.
Meddie Tamale had survived two attempts on his life.
They couldn't table an intelectual argument and resorted to go to the bush where they were defeated militarily.
Hoo,Kale ebintu byaffe wano binyuma nnyo .
Christians praising God during Martyrs day celebrations at Church Of Uganda Nakiyanja.
With a wide range of 1 Bedroom, 2 Bedroom and 3 Bedroom apartments for sale, Najjera Heights is carefully designed to deliver a lifetime experience of harmony and tranquillity.
President Yoweri Museveni's full speech to Parliament on oil debate.
Sister'S Bridal showcasing on the runway at the #BGEXPOUG.
Why is he even still Minister after what he did .
#Ssebagala then says; "I got got figure of 10 million subscribers from MTN adverts but don't remember which ones".
Raises hope for the poor Africans.
From the sixth batch of results released this evening by the Uganda Electoral Commission, Dr Abed Bwanika has polled 51,150 votes (0.
Boeing needs authorization from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) before the MAX can return to service.
I’M a mother of two boys and one girl.
“The search for a new manager is underway and we hope to make an appointment in a decisive and timely manner”.
The most rudimentary method of voting still practiced in the 21st century, amid Covid spread, while closing schools and churches!
This uganda of ours, I don't trust our leaders.
I never expected such a question from you given the looming unemployment rate faced by the people.
All that is greed.
Rotary International is not an exclusive club of the rich, the new President of the Rotary Club of Muyenga Sunday Sunset, Abraham Dalton Mpumwire, has said.
All districts have got new road equipment from Japan.
Get the New Vision today for more #EPAPER- https://epaper.
What of a ugandan?
Join us on 11th August as we celebrate the #Phaneroo Anniversary at Kololo Airstrip.
I deem it nonsense.
Sometimes to show you that they are part of Uganda's Expendables, they will open a beer bottle using a pistol.
A traffic officer ensuring that the moon follows strict traffic rules.
Find out more: www.
A dance group from Burundi entertainments the guests.
Are you a Politician?
I've robbed my country n the neighbors know me.
The shortages have worsened hardship in the South American country, where citizens are suffering shortages of basic supplies.
Don’T miss parenting advice and stories from parenting experts and counselors in the Parenting/Family column every Monday to Friday in New Vision.
It is with grief that we announce the death of KAKEBE MUBIRU, a photographer at Vision Group covering entertainment.
It may have started off as a social network forum for friends to catch up, chitchat or meet new people.
Election watch: 15 fight for Abiriga seat.
For how long my brothers will be united.
The Ministry of Health has warned the general public of an outbreak of a deadly Marburg virus in Kitumba sub-county, Kabale district in western Uganda.
From Jinja cotton fabric to basic silk and satin, the gomesi has come a long way from its humble conception.
His motorcade was seen making its way to Cesia Primary School playground, where he was slated to hold a campaign meeting.
is he the first and last to die.
Prime Minister, Dr. Ruhakana Rugunda, has called upon regional countries under the budding East African Community (EAC) bloc to invest in developing ironclad cyber security to forestall the spectre of rogue elements using internet to harm society.
Or it’s a ‘state secret’.
Breaking: MP Nebanda Cerinah Arioru has died at Nsambya hospital under circumstances yet to be established.
“Our team worked tirelessly to ensure that our mothers deliver normally and we are happy that we did not record any death or miscourage, “she said |.
55%), of the poll, Maj.
He was rushed to the clinic where he was admitted for the night and then taken for scan in the hospital.
He won sh50m in the just-concluded Coca Cola-Urban TV Rated Next singing competition.
thousands of children turned up with their parents on the 24th August 2014 clad in their different designer outfits to have fun.
One hundred and one civilians received the Nalubale Medal.
Pick it and drop it down.
Mathias Mpuuga, the NUP deputy president for Buganda region, advised that this vaccination should target groups of people who interact more like bodaboda riders, market vendors and taxi drivers.
NO ONE WILL EVER BE ABLE TO STAND UP FOR THIS COUNTRY LIKE IN DEEDS AND IN CRISIS.
The schools will reopen on Jan 10, 2022’ – Janet K. Museveni.
Masaka High Court judge Justice Michael Chibita has sentenced businessman Godfrey Kato Kajubi to life imprisonment for the 2008 ritual murder of 12 year old Joseph Kasirye.
The Ministry of Education needs sh200bn annually to implement the newly introduced ambitious government plan of skills education.
You know, like I was ‘cursed’.
The New Vision is with Kintu Ronnie.
That will be the correct decision in the face of Coronavirus pandemic Mr Prime Minister.
Mubarak was in power from 1981 until he was overthrown in 2011 amid the region's Arab Spring protests.
My husband believes in spanking as a form of discipline, while I think it is not necessary, because there are other ways to discipline kids.
Obama is old news.
Arwani, who was born in Syria and studied in Jordan, was well-known for his criticism of Assad’s regime, which he described as “more than criminal … less than animal”.
It's the latest chapter in a turbulent period for the singer.
The alleged cell had members in various parts of impoverished upper Egypt and was led by an "emir" Mostafa Ahmed Abdelaal.
Mr our president uhuru wa kenya oh wenye kenya.
Machines in East Africa and is based In Kenya.
your also not fair.
Obviously he is the only one amongst them with a vision.
The hip-hop and soul singer performed for the king at his official 46th birthday celebrations during a visit to the southern African country last Thursday, leaving the US-based Human Rights Foundation (HRF) fuming.
The New Vision is with Chelangat Martin and Atugonza Julius.
Bobby Williamson''s Cranes have not conceded a goal in the tournament.
Uganda'S NSSF has expressed interest in investing in Kenya.
Ties between Turkish military and Islamic State fighters operating on the Syrian-Turkish border have received further proof in Cumhuriyet newspaper, who published more transcripts of telephone calls between the jihadists and officers.
The New Vision is with Maynard Mulindwa and 9 others.
In the New Vision Today: Full University Loans Scheme List, Uhuru car theft suspects charged, city robbery suspects arrested and more.
Wake up to Uganda's leading daily.
The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time," Thomas A. Edison.
He was sick for nearly one month and now narrates his ordeal.
Whether you're heading off to spin class, boot camp, or any other exercise, it's always important to hydrate so you can stay energized and have your best workout.
Inspector General of Police reunites with a teacher who taught him chemistry in senior 3 in 1973.
It'S really that simple.
Addressing the press at Silver Springs Hotel, after a special sitting, the Council’s chairperson Prof John Okedi ordered Prof Ndiege to officially start work on Wednesday at exactly 8:00am.
Bobi WINE, ZAKE in stable condition .
How cruel, how brutal and how unfair!
Police should let Graduates of Nasser Road to exercise their constitutional rights.
Do not be terrified; do not be discouraged, for the LORD your God will be with you wherever you go".
A city mayor who isn't new in politics proudly fly back from "medical trip".
In the picture is former President Iddi Amin talking to Indians while testing the comfort of gaali Hero.
30am incident occurred when most of the business men and women were trying to open their shops.
The President spoke on Monday in Kwale town when he issued title deeds to land owners in the county.
Some girl called me one Friday midnight to ask where she can take her car for repair.
The final count of last week's vote was released after a court battle, with opposition leader Lazarus Chakwera obtaining a temporary injunction to bar the release.
- Dan Odong, UNEB Executive Secretary.
Gilbert Bukenya has promised to bring a change in the country’s leadership, pledging to return ‘ebyaffe’ to Buganda kingdom, among other things.
Do some volunteer work .
An imense loss to Easterners & the country at large.
It'S true let dem be banned.
They really need their loyalty soon.
Buganda MPs are set to meet President Yoweri Museveni at State House Entebbe Thursday over outstanding Buganda demands.
More details in the New Vision-https://vpg.
Stupid Balloteli, how do u tell the whole Queen of England to come and kiss u?
No doubt about this!
The furniture in your office or house defines you.
High Court in Kampala has sentenced Joyce Barua to 14 years in prison for attempting to sacrifice her son in a shrine.
The novel coronavirus has killed at least 3,750,028 people since the outbreak emerged in China in December 2019, according to a tally from official sources compiled by AFP at 1000 GMT on Wednesday.
The Catholic Church is preparing to celebrate their Golden Jubilee in the near future since they were canonized.
Besigye and other leaders of the Inter-Party Coalition had tried to hold a rally at the Clock Tower.
She shares her story of survival under harsh poverty.
Its either going to rain or shine.
Italian designer Angela Missoni brought the political fight to Milan fashion week by ending her autumn-winter 2017 show with models clad in Pussyhats, the pink protest symbols of women's rights.
Don'T overpay for News ,grab yourself a copy of the Saturday Vision at the lowest price here-https://vpg.
Luxury does not need a lot of platfoam cause still people will finf it.
Mind during a disagreement and get your points across alternate playing reflective therapist, where one listens while the other talks.
Mu7 cant order the chief justice but he can present an opinion.
District police are holding a 21-year-old man who confessed to killing and secretly burying his elder brother.
Muammar Gaddafi, who donated the mosque as a gift to Muslims in Uganda, was killed in Libya last October following nearly a year of civil war.
Find more in the New Vision.
Don'T miss your copy of the @thesundayvision.
I oba wa NRM,oba gwe eyeyita omulokole.
The Uganda National Roads Authority has shortlisted over 700 people who applied for the recently advertised jobs at the roads authority.
Every one is entitled to changing one's mind".
The magical moment where two people agree to spend their lives together is a deeply personal thing—unless it happens in front of thousands of people.
And give us the courage to do whatever needs to be done.
Those killed have been identified as Osbert Niwamanya,8 Oscar Tarimweba 5, Mercy Owomugisha 6months, Claire Ankunda 5, Adella Orishaba a girl of 9months and Apophia.
Us President Donald Trump has ordered govt agencies to end employee training sessions on fighting racism because they amount to "un-American propaganda".
The New Vision added 5 new photos — with Al Ghazal and Barugahare John Mackntosh at The New Vision.
But any plans for going out to grass at the age of 30 would come after three more years of domination that might include a pop at the #Commonwealth Games next year and another shot at bettering his own 200m world record.
In that department, I have to report to a supervisor who is in his early 70s.
Two month before lockdown, my girlfriend left me , I felt like ending it all, i almost committed suicide because she left me without any sign of coming back, i was emotionally down all this while.
Henry Kalungi’s arrival today should give coach Bobby Williamson a full squad as he begins preparations for this Sunday’s World Cup qualifier against Liberia.
Shame , a trip to Netherlands and we don't get Uganda products in Netherlands .
According to Zombo district Woman MP Grace Freedom Kwiyucwiny, the 65 year old legislator suffered a heart attack early on Monday morning at approximately at 4am at International Hospital Kampala.
#Kcca wins the Century International Quality Award.
The burial of former minister for disaster preparedness, management and refugees, Dr Stephen Mallinga has been moved to Thursday.
Caption the pictures and vote for your best picture here.
The Armed Forces of the DRC (FARDC) initially announced the death of five Burundian soldiers who had entered the country overnight on December 21, in the first known clash since the end of the Second Congo War in 2003.
Is this one just a writer or both writer and student?
Better for her health.
It is NEVER too late: At the age of 64, Safinah Namukwaya, who had always been labeled 'barren' gave birth to a bouncing baby girl.
We take you back to the first Commonwealth Parliamentary Conference that 🇺🇬#Uganda hosted in 1967 - to give you an idea of what it was like during that time 👇.
See story at .
Her father explained that instead, his daughter’s job was to honor her family with good grades and an education.
Parenting tip: Put your baby to bed drowsy but still awake.
Let the thing spread so that everyone tests it.
This is from a report by a delegation of Ugandan MPs to China.
The European Union and Cuba signed a deal Friday to normalize relations, including an agreement on the delicate issue of human rights -- a breakthrough just ahead of US President Barack Obama's historic visit to the island.
While in the case of Bad Black, David Greenhalgh was the complainant, this time round he is a subject of criminal investigations.
And who mandated him to draft it?
” But if the men are as reliable as they ought to be, and the girl is not as insecure either, would it be in order for a girl to have this mindset?
Have you reached your final destination or the morning rain is your excuse for being late?
The New Vision is with Robert Paul Mabonga.
This was at The Democratic Alliance offices.
Our History: Find out how Habyarimana plotted to kill Muhoozi.
Buikwe Woman MP and singer Judith Babirye brought the house down last night with a show-stopping performance at the 7th Uganda UK Convention at the Troxy in London, United Kingdom.
Those are our MPs with a lot of money and personal belongings but brains brains brains brains brains to think for the development of the country ZERO ZEROZERO ZERO.
The World Anti-Doping Agency has banned Russia for four years from major global sporting events including the 2020 Tokyo Olympics and the 2022 World Cup in Qatar over manipulated doping data.
UNBS recently listed about 25 categories of such products.
President Yoweri Museveni earlier today met development partners and assured them of his government's commitment to end corruption.
We shall never stop having the kifeesi, and other society mayhems if we only consider a particular sex.
Relationship tip: Talk to couples over 65 years old.
Battle has been drawn.
it will be da same scenario hr!
If only da blind can see 4 once.
Ors and the nobles but not the local poor patients of uganda.
When I ask him to set up a business to supplement our family income, he says it requires a lot in terms of money and time, which he claims he does not have.
#Breakingnews: The Uganda Peoples Defence Forces troops have entered Juba at the invitation of the government in South Sudan to secure the capital, Juba.
Washington - A US naval ship and surveillance plane are heading to the Andaman Sea and Bay of Bengal to search for a missing Malaysian airliner that vanished a week ago, officials said.
Sydney Asubo, the lead prosecutor said one of the witnesses, Geoffrey Kooba, a foreign services officer, is in Cairo on official duties, while the other, Billy Kainamura, a Judge of the High court, needs some time to clear his diary.
As coronavirus infections continue to surge in the country, the number of people dying from the disease has also shot up.
Did you listen to today's budget speech?
Not having sex before marriage is so 1800s.
all uve done is spit rubbish!
They contracted the virus and came with it.
A visibly angry Kyambadde first confronted a bewildered Ruhweza and demanded to know why they were treating people like savages.
This will unlock the region’s economic potential progress.
9Yr old Vincent Oketch from Tororo who has damaged lymph nodes and cannot use his limbs is appealing for help to undergo treatment.
Get today's New Vision here-https://vpg.
#Nvchristmaswish: This is Teddy Nantongo, a 65 year old resident of Ddandira, Mukono.
Let's just upgrade our agricultural standards other than complaining!
Thanks Bebe Cool for doing what father's should be doing.
#Epl fixtures today, What are your predictions?
#Bgexpo2018 Darling Uganda showcases classy and unique hair.
5m refugees coming from neighboring countries.
Fred Enanga, the Police spokesperson says the force has arrested ADF's main courier who had sneaked back into the country with a Congolese AK47.
(rtd) Jessica Alupo, Vice President of Uganda.
Au Should Stop All African Leaders From Staying Into Power Es.
Eleven-year-old Divine Atuhwere was born with a rare condition: spina bifida.
Kuwait'S prime minister formed a cabinet Saturday that includes a new oil minister but keeps all the ruling family members, following elections in which the opposition performed well.
Global life expectancy is now an average of 70 years – a six-year increase since 1990.
New ERA: CHINA UNVEILS ENTEBBE EXPRESS WAY .
He says its shameful and its a deliberate move to instil fear among voters.
Uganda and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) are closer to inking a new deal that will guarantee that Ugandan domestic workers in the Middle East nation are treated well by their employers.
Much to her shock, Katniss has fueled an unrest she’s afraid she cannot stop.
God, make this man sensible please.
One of the lawyers set to represent President Yoweri Museveni in a presidential election poll petition filed by the former Prime Minister Amama Mbabazi challenging the polls, has said that the president will file his defense on Sunday.
Those are de pple who dehydrated our country .
Namibia 4 3 1 0 0 6 +1.
What about an average runyankole speaker, he takes 1000000000 milli seconds to speak a word from his mind of understanding, am born a munyankole, I don't know English.
The new born baby was named; AMMA CHRISTIAN MAYANJA.
While they wanted one car wash machine, the President has pledged to give them sh2.
Mayor will u be safe?
Get a free copy of Toto magazine inside the New Vision today for your child.
The New Vision is with Cymmons and 12 others.
Muk PROBE of 10,000 ghosts.
Uganda army Chief; Gen.
The police in Greater Masaka region are still pursuing assailants who shot at the Lwengo district chairperson's bodyguard and injured him.
•Global focus will be on Uganda as it hosts the forthcoming Commonwealth Parliamentary Conference (CPC) in September.
Three miserably looking children sit together with their mother desperately munching away on roasted groundnuts.
Maurice Kirya on stage during his concert at Serena Kampala Hotel on July 19, 2013.
There is need to make an electronic hand inquiry to save our fellow Ugandans.
Relationship Tip: Say "I love you" and "have a good day" every morning.
“You can't change how people treat you or what they say about you.
Speaker Rebecca Kadaga and premier Ruhakana Rugunda receive commonwealth speakers ahead of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Conference.
Those who are making such statements are idiots, fools and will know what it means to peddle lies against NRM,” Museveni sounded a stern warning at a news conference this afternoon.
Great advise dear ED.
Here'S celebrating 7 years of the Bride & Groom Expo, Uganda's only wedding exhibition.
Uganda'S opposition has privately threatened to turn February elections violent and it may now be too late for President Yoweri Museveni to stop it, according to a leaked U.S. diplomatic cable: http://cot.
I thought Kigundu resigned.
Her retirement story is laced with life lessons that many people planning on retirement will want to listen to.
Uaau wants the town councils of Adjumani, Kamuli, Kira, Kitgum, Kisoro, Koboko, Kumi, Lugazi, Mubende as well as Nebbi to become municipalities.
China, china, china, how many times have I called you?
Mourine Osoru of the National Resistance Movement (NRM), who won the NRM primary elections with over 20,000 votes, is optimistic that she will retain her seat in Parliament.
The New Vision is with Twinomujuni Tarasisio and 2 others.
Mentioned my plans and my sister was upset.
I want to smile because of the love that friends of Emmanuel showed on his last journey on earth but at the same time I cry because he was such a wonderful soul that left us too soon.
Pay rent amounting to shs 600,000.
U just reminded me my dogs have appointment 4 hair cut and nail terming.
#Breaking: Ruth Sebatindira re-elected to the Presidency of Uganda Law Society.
Get E-Copy HERE http://j.
How can an mp borrow from money lenders hence they are many commercial banks country wide.
Uganda has paid you enough for your purpoted sacrifice.
Government has licensed 74 Pentecostal churches to conduct marriages which are legally recognized by Law.
It is one of those that disturbed our brains," she said.
Uganda Cranes Vs Lions of Teranga of Senegal live in Marakech, Morocco.
Newvision shd make research on where exactly developed countries invest more, promote more.
[Read MY STORY ON HOW I GOT MY HIV CURED].
Everyone wrote her off and relatives shared her property amongst themselves as she helplessly lay there fighting for her life.
That prayer can't be changed and he doesn't even have the power and authority to change a prayer that our Lord Jesus Christ prayed!
The freedom of former Flying Squad Unit boss Herbert Muhangi was yesterday short-lived he was rearrested soon after he was released on bail by the General Court Martial sitting in Makindye.
"The recent allegations indicate that the overall fiduciary environment in Uganda needs to be strengthened to ensure better management of public resources," a statement from the World Bank's Uganda office said.
The New Vision is with Mutai Colline.
Stand-Up comedian Patrick Salvado Idringi held his maiden one-and-half hour long show titled "Man From Ombokolo" at Kampala Serena Hotel as planned, Tuesday evening, attracting a good crowd of his followers.
#Technology: The World's First Phone With More Pixels Than an iPad.
Find the detailed story in Sunday Vision.
The 192-page letter, which is the highest level teaching document a pope can issue, lays much of the blame for global warming on human activities.
Wat was the exact cause of death?
Thank you for the wonderful sounds of nature, from the cool breeze brushing through the trees to the birds singing melodies.
What should Ugandans expect from the meeting?
We've been having an affair for about 6 months now, and he always says I mean everything to him and so on.
The city where Christians believe Jesus was born is usually a focal point of the holiday, with thousands packing the streets and filling hotels.
'' Justice Remmy Kasule said.
Students in face masks returned to class in Wuhan, central Chinese city where the coronavirus first emerged in 2019, as the city opened schools & kindergartens for the first time in 7 months.
The visitors, led by the EU head of delegation in Uganda, Attilio Pacifici found difficulty accessing the site, where most of their powerful vehicles would get stuck in the mud and the envoys had to get out.
There is a belief that if you are a public figure, you have to be perfect and so many artistes' have lost chances to true love and happiness simply because of that.
HE has just given that ministry to wrong person.
The New Vision is with Baita Amon.
Students interested in the training opportunity should submit the documents as seen on the advert.
ly/N4xaR to join the #VisionDigitalExperience.
What lessons do the Manji brothers teach us about sustaining a family business?
The rising water levels at Lake Albert have left several candidates stranded after the waters submerged schools.
Some couples receive calls in hiding.
We do not take it for granted King of Glory to see yet another day.
Who is killing Wakiso women?
Police have issued hotlines on which anyone with valuable information can lead to the arrest of assassins who shot at the vehicle of outgoing works minister, Gen.
Thank you God sparing lives of these dear ones!
I mean, everyone keeps on saying South and I think it's so stupid.
(Tired of Banya's coffee in the studio).
why not afcon get serious cranes.
Want to live forever?
Recently, my ex-girlfriend was admitted to hospital and she contacted me.
The division dubbed ‘Infrastructure, Operation and Maintenance Division’ under rural water supply and sanitation department, sits at the ministry's main offices in Kampala and was put in place recently.
Two Members of Parliament (MP) from Amuru district survived being beaten by locals who accused them of interfering in a family land matter without their consent.
Or else face the law.
naye oba Uganda elagawa?
Indeed justify failure of museveni to protect ordinary Ugandans.
Five new cases are truck drivers who arrived from South Sudan via Elegu.
President Barack Obama challenged the Republican-led Congress during the State of the Union address to break out of the "tired old patterns" of confrontational politics and back an effort to lift the middle class, with higher taxes on the rich and trade deals.
You can also visit Vision Mwalimu facebook page for more updates.
The New Vision is with Omongole Alfred Ssaalongo and 2 others.
The UPDF in conjunction with crime preventers are carrying out sanitation services like cleaning Busega market, drainages at Kalerwe, Nateete, and other suburbs.
If not, a lovely Lunch to you.
B'se many mp,s are sabotures so they should leave the old man 2 execute gov't duties alone 4 a meanwhile.
after buying a booklet of new vision news papers.
Man arrested for faking own death.
There'S a secret in the kip.
Let her enjoy de bribe she received frm het boyfriend M7.
Mary Luswata hosts the Sqoop on Sqoop on Urban TV.
🎥 Watch below 👇🏽 a sneak peek of what you will be reading about in today's New Vision (September 16, 2021).
Nabagereka atuuse ku mukolo gw'okwanjula kwa Rema ne Hamza Byeyongere wano;.
37329942994 Diamond Trust Bank, Rebecca Kibirige.
The Supreme Court requesting the opinion of the Attorney-General of the arrest of Julian Assange.
don't miss sex today.
Should New Vision be abolished and replaced with Uganda Times because of their hopeless debates.
Perhaps your goal will be replicated at Anfield tonight.
So They Shd Stop That VOLONGOTO.
Does it make any difference whether the public debates the issue or not?
The New Vision is with Mawa Aldo.
Nagenda can't be senior citizen, a senior citizen stands on his and advises president.
The flop was blamed on lack of a duplicating machine to print vital reports.
I got figure of 10 million subscribers from MTN adverts but doesn't remember which ones.
Parenting tip: Don't accept disrespect from your child.
The New Vision is with Kato Nicholas and Kwesiga Elias.
Tune in today to any of our @VisionGroup platforms and enjoy the virtual experience.
#Kenya'S president said the Nairobi mall attack is over and 11 suspects are in custody.
This follows Tuesday’s announcement by President James Alix Michel that he was stepping down from office, following a constitutional amendment which limits the terms of presidency to 2 terms.
Kampala is just too congested.
Mulago National hospital has installed two electronic display boards at the Labour suits to stop claims of missing newborn babies.
Military ultimatum sparks fears of Egyptian coup.
Statement in full: Game regrets the incident that occurred on 29 November.
People with ur hooliganism and I wonder how your kids and wife or ur girlfriend feels.
I happened to be close to both of them and would always be called to mediate.
The National Forest Authority (NFA) range manager for forest reserves around Lake Victoria, Leo Twinomuhangi, says there are several illegal land titles issued to high-profile individuals linked to various government institutions, including security.
Every year government sponsors 4000 students to public universities in the country while the loan scheme will initially cater for only 1000 university students.
“Are you talking about giving it to cannibals?
Subscribe for a complete digital copy;.
If you can ask me whom else can i ask ooooooo!
Album NRM Manifesto Launch in Pictures.
Residents of Kampala suburbs have praised the Uganda People's Defense Force (UPDF) for carrying out sanitation services in their areas.
Choose sunglasses with 99-100% UV absorption or UV 400, and maybe draw some inspiration from your girlfriend's oversize shades—the bigger the glasses, the better the protection.
We have always had misunderstandings over work and house responsibilities.
ur days are numbered!
The 120-kilometre (75 miles) long Totten Glacier, more than 30 kilometres wide, is the largest in East Antarctica and melting more quickly than others in the area.
Ofwono Opondo: NRM Secretary General Amama Mbabazi and wife Jacqueline have walked out of CEC Saturday after being defeated in a vote to appoint SG .
“I love Uganda very much.
“We shall not approve plans to put up fuel stations in the city,” the KCCA executive director Jennifer Musisi warned recently.
It was a significant structure, partly cut into a limestone hillside and incorporating a natural cave.
Therefore, we don’t expect everyone to get sick.
They later proposed he be nominated unopposed by the NRM to contest the 2016 #uganda elections.
Peter Ndagijimaana, a resident of Kanungu in the south western district of Uganda was sentenced by Mbarara High Court to serve 25 years for the murder of his Benon Turyamuhabwe Kampirisi at Karengo village, Nyakashashara Sub-County in Kiruhura district on May 2, 2009.
The body recovered three months ago in the Central African Republic is of one of the Lord’s Resistance Army’s deputy commander, Okot Odhiambo.
In the latest edition of Newsweek Magazine, two Ugandan girls under the age of 25 made it to the list of the 125 women of impact in a who-is-who on the World stage.
(Left - right) Uganda Law Society (ULS) Executive Director Samuel Olumo, ULS President Ruth Sebatindira and ULS Head Legal Aid Project and Pro-bono Services Aaron Besigye during a press statement on the general election at the ULS headquarters on February 17, 2016.
The life of Kenneth Kaunda (1924 - 2021).
The officials including the security team deployed to guard the Malaba town council offices ( Uganda) fled through the back door after citing the charged mob.
The New Vision added 4 new photos — with Janifer Morrens and 2 others.
Who banned him from returning to his home country?
The First Lady Janet Kataha Museveni is to take an HIV test today at a massive rally to mark the district and regional sensitization exercise on the prevention of mother-to-child HIV/AIDS transmission at Kololo Airstrip Independence grounds.
I think many of these people are just accomplices and not victims.
@Eriya barya, if he has made any development its the 3bn (i hear) fence that covers banda & ntinda.
There is no justice in Uganda, and that is why innocent people like you and Tom Nkulungira will be hanged for crimes you did not commit.
Who is corrupt and fake?
A wrestler daring any one to challenge him at Budhumbula, Kamuli district during celebrations to mark Gabula Day, the 13 coronation anniversary of Prince William Gabula Nadiope as the hereditary chief of Bugabula BB chiefdom.
Mugisha Muntu does not have the charm to woo the army if elected FDC's flag-bearer for the 2011 general elections.
Officials at URA say the taxes accumulated from Oct 2010 and over time URA tried to engage Nakivubo management to recover the money.
Additions: You can top the eggs with chopped herbs such as parsley or coriander, or even oregano and chilli flakes.
R.I.P. George William Kakoma 1925-2012.
A quick-thinking husband managed to catch his suicidal wife at the moment she decided to jump from the balcony a Chinese tower block.
Lewis Hamilton eyes 90th career victory!
Kcca boss calls for City land reforms.
Ings made an almost instant impact as a half-time substitute, breaking the deadlock early in the second period, but Liverpool failed to build on that lead and Martin equalised to secure a point.
First of all I thought one has to present an original national ID,self and fingerprint taken before issuance of a sim card, if its done other wise then communication companies and NIRA have a lot to explain .
The Minister of Health, Dr Jane Ruth Aceng, has launched a regional vaccination drive against COVID-19 in West Nile.
Read the analysis in Sunday Vision.
All set for a night of prayer and worship at Mt.
Former Kenya Prime Minister; Raila Odinga and former Vice President; Kalonzo Musyoka have requested President Ohuru Kenyatta to allow them lead efforts to find a solution to the current stand-off involving Tanzania, over exclusive joint projects that Kenya, Uganda and Rwanda have undertaken to impliment.
The police have written to the Speaker of Parliament Rebecca Kadaga, summoning the Kampala Central Member of Parliament Muhammed Nsereko for interrogation in relation to a bank fraud case against him.
Dishing away public money.
Wambuzi seeks to block coronation, Girl murdered in city over necklace, Court clears Mbabazi of fraud.
We have been through hell but I did everything in my power to give them a bright future.
We have all known Kampala as being a busy city with lots of traffic jams coupled with congestion, however, this is not the case this festive season.
Apolo Nsibambi speaks out on Nsibambi’s heir.
Rwise we seem totally gone!
Protect me from my own careless thoughts, words and actions.
Inject them with ebola virus n send them back where they came from.
The incident took place along Clock tower washing bay in Kampala on Tuesday.
May your Mercy shine upon them.
Pope Francis like his Master that he serves is just Ecumenical.
He was a jovial, sociable and burly figure.
Is it because they're 4rom West?
The gun-wielding men left the crestfallen victims in disbelief.
#Popefrancis earlier descending from shepherd One.
Plus gros on fabrique moins des vies on sauve, mais super l'evolution technologique.
A tapir is a large herbivorous mammal, similar in shape to a pig, with a short, prehensile snout.
The Editor should immediately retract this tacky post with an apology, for the sheer bad taste and unethical behavior it displays.
Friday's incident in which a closed session of Gbagbo's crimes against humanity trial was mistakenly broadcast on the court's public channel "will be investigated", the ICC's head of public information Sonia Robla told AFP.
Im a man from where he has been doing his attrocity.
Details in Saturday Vision 👉EPAPER: https://is.
Tune in to all our platforms at 8:30am to celebrate with us.
Personally at first I had a feeling that the deceased would have been buried in Tororo but after learning that the biological father of the deceased is a Musoga but the mother who is from Tororo run away from the father of Kasango who stay in one of the districts in Busoga to the homes of other men and not the mother's ancestral home, and harassing Kasango at the home of other men without Kasango knowing both the relatives of the mother or father technically makes him right to abandon his ancestors and find his level.
Its good to keep thousands of people who may not be comfortable with the queen's language inspired and motivated.
I will not talk about mummy because it is dad’s day.
99% Ugandans don't understand the implication.
Sensational play by Brazil.
In a joint press conference that was held in Kampala yesterday, Bwanika and FIL’s Tumusiime said Parliament, which is the law making arm of government, should aggressively follow the debate.
Even if I fail today & fall short, You whisper Your unconditional love deep into my soul & remind me that Your mercies are new every morning.
There are other options to explore, such as terrazzo and clay tiles.
What about postponing the election as the constitution states.
The New Vision is with Didi Gargash Musa and Nakuru Political Guru.
⚽️ #EPL: #ManUtd v #Everton kicks off at 5pm (EAT).
The New Vision is with Bashir da Silva and 22 others.
To confirm the death or identify?
Kiir has "apparently agreed to enter into unconditional dialogue.
The New Vision added 12 new photos — with Park Cha Dol and Enginear Asiimwe Andrew.
Residents of Kamwenge have petitioned President Yoweri Museveni to intervene in a wrangle between a prominent politician and a non-governmental organisation, which has led to the closure of a modern health centre in the district.
Israeli advisers are helping Kenya with strategy to end the siege that began on Saturday, an Israeli security force said.
I am now concentrating on building my party ahead of the general elections".
Court adjourns hearing of the case.
The relationship you have with yourself is arguably the foundation on which your other relationships are built, and studies are supporting this notion.
Fo now we tak up museveni fo president.
More than 375,000 people have died worldwide from the novel coronavirus, mainly in the United States and Europe, since it emerged in China last year.
The New Vision's 'Harvest Money' book profiling prominent farmers in the whole country has sold out.
Don't decieve urself the man is not existing.
Buy your copy of the New Vision for details.
Britain expelled 23 Russian diplomats they said were spies, and has been pressing EU allies to follow suit despite Moscow's warning against confrontational steps.
We bring to you the story.
Vg CSR is holding a free Health Camp on 22nd and 23rd of Sept 2016 at Centenary park, our partners are IAA, IMG, AAR, Uganda cares, CORSU, DR.
The White House for the first time will release casualty figures from its controversial drone program, officials said on Monday, amid criticism that the airstrikes often kill civilians instead of the intended terror targets.
Get the full story in today's paper.
He rubs people the wrong way and could potentially cause a breakdown of the examination body.
Ugandans who have flu have been advised to stay home until coronavirus has been ruled out.
Independent presidential candidate John Katumba will hold campaigns today in Kiruhura district in western Uganda.
🤓 For our readers who are keen on biology and research, here is an interesting read for you 👉.
The TV production is expected to reach a viewership of over 53 million Spanish-speaking people in the US and South America.
She says 8 out of every 10 people in Rubaga North promised to vote for her.
The New Vision added 3 new photos — with Ken Heyes and 19 others.
pliz allow our little ones to return to school.
Uganda'S Golden Jubilee festivities: New Vision wants to publicize your activities marking the 50 years of Uganda's independence.
The Vatican-provided translation of the homily Pope Francis gave during Mass at the campus of the University of Nairobi.
) couldn’t resist the temptation to swipe the water glass that touched the lips of Pope Francis.
Thank you all for supporting Bride and Groom.
Buganda Kingdom's Katikiro Charles Peter Mayiga concludes visit to The New Vision where he launched a book entitled "Ekiitibwa kya Buganda" in commemoration of Kabaka Ronald Muwenda Mutebi's 20th coronation anniversary.
President Yoweri Museveni, has ordered all encroachers on the Mbarara Stock Farm, now known as the Mbarara Zonal Agricultural Research and Development Institute, to immediately vacate it.
Omara’s death to New Vision Monday.
the world keeps unfolding as it should" leaders come and must go.
President Museveni : Nobody should tell you that because you have not had sex, there is something wrong with you.
The kickoff of this year’s drive was launched at Gayaza High School on Friday, with Mengo S.S, Mt.
Organisers of the 2016 Olympic Games to be hosted in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil have promised to build the best athletes village ever.
Saddens me that the WRMD is not monitoring yet the modelling tools required are not that expensive and Kilembe mines as an intersted partner could have bee used to help data collection for a flood warning system.
Among the actions planned, campaigners will be sheltering under umbrellas to symbolise the protection of their rights.
Only a fool would believe that more especially after M7's gross expenditures during presidential campaigns.
Minister for Foreign Affairs Sam Kutesa and State minister for Internal Affairs James Baba chat with Ambassadors and High Commissioners accredited to Uganda.
Deschamps breaks out into a beaming smile as France edge to the verge of the last-16.
Saturday Vision brings who Kaweesi is.
Thank the people who led us there — the photographers, the essayists; the hosts and the planners.
Gallery owner Ethan Muller can see its brilliance—and money-making potential.
The Confederation of African Football (CAF) has reportedly approached South Africa, Ghana and five others countries ahead of a November 2 meeting to decide on the future of the continent's premier football event.
Foreign Exchange Rates may differ due to changing market conditions and the amount of transaction.
One-Third of Japanese working women have experienced sexual harassment at their place of employment, though nearly two-thirds of these women suffer in silence, a survey has showed.
The New Vision is with Ebine Andrew Odongo.
Namibia on Friday said a 1.
I couldn’t help thinking, how a tiny town as Kampala could be big enough to hold all my old boyfriends.
Trump if u want to finish stubborn leaders don't start with strong one.
Assassins plan to hit Kayihura at the marathon.
Learn to live with the condition.
What much does Elly Tumwine bring on the table of men(UPF) ,apart from his bush war experience and stories of who fired the 1st bullet and how this "wakanda" belongs to them who lost sleep to get the prey.
You can also buy and read the #EPAPER via -.
The New Vision is with Kakande Benard and 5 others.
The New Vision added 13 new photos.
Read the full story in New Vision.
As we begin this year's recruitment programme and our annual feast of harvest is almost at hand,no soul no blood sacrifice.
He (#JananiLuwum) said to me; everyday I live one day at a time.
Buganda Land Board (BLB) has asked all people in possession of land titles on Kabaka's land, formerly issued by Uganda Land Commission (ULC) and District Land Boards (DLBs), to take them for revalidation.
How can your spouse trust you in big things when they see you lying in small ones?
On that fateful day, elements within the Sudan People’s Liberation Army (SPLA) attempted to challenge the government in Juba by staging a coup.
Look at this Coward, wasn't he not involved in stealing Besigyes VICTORY?
I have all reason to thank God who called me from my humble background," says Kaziimba.
Nrm don't give up go back to court.
The Anti-Graft Civil Society Orgnisations (CSOs) have called on Government to introduce a provision within the Leadership Code Act, to compel leaders to declare their wealth and that of their children and spouses.
What is the Hon.
Explore possible career tracks and build a strong networking base through volunteer activities.
She did exceedingly well but stop saying she won the contest because there was one crown and we all know the winner was.
He tested positive for COVID-19.
Album Deputy Speaker; Oulanya makes U-turn.
The Uganda shilling continued range-bound during Tuesday’s session opening trading at 3655/3665, touching highs of 3650/3660 but later settling and closing the day at 3655/3665.
He is a known businessman who started with nothing.
How did he do this?
She believes this generation is the future of the country.
This follows a request by the Indian community that he hosted on Thursday at State House Entebbe.
<P><Em>Spectators must be able to show a vaccination certificate or a negative test taken at their own expense less than a week before entering the venue.
Team Prudence is all ready.
Don'T you care what I also think about death.
The New Vision is with Mesfin Ayele Roba.
What is your take?
The New Vision is with Alex Newton Mpandi and 3 others.
If somebody puts you down or criticizes you, just keep on believing in yourself and turn it into something positive".
A jaguar has been shot dead shortly after it was used in an Olympic torch relay in the Brazilian city of Manaus, the army said.
But it was terrible mistake, because David De Gea would've just picked the ball up.
Photo by Juliet J. Lukwago.
In July, former US president Barack Obama and tech bosses Bill Gates were among dozens of high-profile figures to have their Twitter accounts breached.
Seven months after February 1977 killing of the Anglican Archbishop and the former Police Inspector General, Uganda's military government did what appeared to be the final mop-up of any voices and faces that disapproved its ways.
Makerere University is hiring a Director - Legal Affairs and Legal Officers.
They were rushing a mob justice victim to hospital.
I am optimistic nothing will change bodas are here to stay above all increase in numbers till the entire city will hit a standstill point.
1999: Uganda and Sudan agreed to take steps to end years of rebel activity which had cost tens of thousands lives along the border.
The only close relationship is because china discovered dictators need a lot of money to servive so it supports the dictators while using them to gain its influence.
Sorry for Au in general.
By half time, Heathens were trailing 8-10 after a false start when hosts Buffaloes made their first mark by scoring a penalty.
She joins 14 other journalists from around the world being celebrated for various contributions towards the betterment of girls and women through the media.
Litician and spiritual leader.
Trade and industry minister Amelia Kyambadde has attacked Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) Executive Director for what she termed as inhumane and heavy handed manner in which city authority handles demolitions.
But there is a flip side too.
Professor Lawrence Mukiibi of St. Lawrence schools, colleges and St. Lawrence University is dead.
Amau is part of the ten-man Nemostars squad that departed Tuesday with a determination to leave a mark on their debut at continental level in Tripoli.
#Mps from #Karamoja region have condemned Uganda Wild Life Authority (#UWA) for celebrating 50 years of #Kidepo Valley National Park today at Kampala #Serena Hotel instead of at the park so that the community becomes part of the celebrations.
Nato Intervened Bt Isreal Is Invading Palastine No Response,children Ar Killed Everyday Ur Quiet,Bt Its Only Becouse Those Killed Ar Muslims.
We are the ones we’ve been waiting for.
It is not sustainable to send people to Europe to train in oil courses, a senior official at Tullow Oil Uganda has noted.
Though the mountains be shaken and the hills be removed, yet my unfailing love for you will not be shaken nor my covenant of peace be removed,” says the LORD, who has compassion on you.
#Goodbyepope And thats the last wave from #PopeFrancis to Uganda.
Details in Saturday Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Ou always run to help people like these.
The New Vision is with Malia Elias and 10 others.
Nankya, 27, is the daughter to Hon.
Lecturers also get close to sh400m in top-up allowances, generated internally from the tuition paid by students.
Please share with any things you with you had done before lockdown?
This demand, which is key to their operations, is currently being reviewed by Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA).
Kcca stars Allan Okello and Mustafa Kizza will compete for the highest individual award at the Airtel FUFA Awards at Speke Resort Munyonyo.
Vatican finance chief Cardinal George Pell said Thursday it was a "disastrous coincidence" that five paedophile priests preyed on children in the Australian town where he was based, as survivors accused him of lying.
She is a great dancer and we literally run into each other’s arms every time the dances begin and we have a lot in common.
Mps on strike over torture of colleagues.
Hundreds of mourners have thronged Kikandwa village in Mukono district to send off General Katumba Wamala's daughter, Brenda Nantongo.
A growing trend shows that more parents are buying cakes for the whole class to celebrate their children’s birthday, but should this be the norm?
Okwi "scores" with hand, gets yellow.
This is in relation to charges of spreading harmful propaganda and conduct prejudicial to good order and discipline.
Have you travelled to, conducted business or worked in China?
Police officers from Kawala police post have managed to contain the fire that gutted Kasubi tombs this afternoon.
The New Vision is with Makos Moses.
More investment are need by the countries in farm methods, acess to water, roads and electricity.
For a full digital copy subscribe here;.
It is stilll hard.
The money that will be raised from the charity walk will go to help renovate Namugongo and Munyonyo Martyrs shrine ahead of Pope Francis' visit next month.
Not that he is leaving cabinet but his new East African Affairs docket is bound to keep him from the local controversies.
What do you think about this?
Breaking NEWS:Dr. Kizza Besigye is in the lead in the elections for the FDC flag bearer for next year's presidential elections.
A three-year old child has been burnt to death in a grass thatched hut in Layibi Go-down Layibi division in Gulu municipality.
New Vision has this report.
Some people do not know what is available just across the border.
Mr. Ssebana is truly the WARREN BUFFETT of UGANDA !
She spoke with Paul Busharizi about her experience and hopes for the sector.
However, on the first day of class, just before the history teacher introduced the French Revolution as the first topic in European History, he asked all those with pamphlets to hand them over.
Francis greatly desires to go there," the Vatican's deputy spokesman Ciro Benedettini told AFP.
#Gtsug18: Don't miss great teachings about Gods unconditional and Grace live with Andrew Wommack.
This policeman is being strangled while others watch and film.
Please, keep this woman, her husband and her children in your prayers.
Bringing home a pack of their favorite candy/magazine/book by a favorite author never gets old.
Rest in peace, a humble, and acomplished general, our prayers go out to his family.
So they had a meeting, took tea, discussed, scratched heads and finally decided to slash the interest rate from 16% to 15.
The EVERTON vs LIVERPOOL Game in the Premier league has kicked off.
A top Sudanese general said Thursday that the mastermind behind a deadly crackdown on protesters has been identified, but refused to name him saying it would impact a probe into the raid.
Former US President Barack Obama has hailed late Archbishop Desmond Tutu as a towering figure and "moral compass" who fought against injustice in South Africa and elsewhere.
Readers have been sufficiently rewarded.
Details in the New Vision 👉 #EPAPER;.
Either the kids are not vaccinated, due to the very many reasons we already know but most importantly ignorance of the parents or they are vaccinated using not a potent vaccine.
We compared the #Subaru Forester to the #Honda CR-V - Which one do you like better?
“In the next 10 days, we need tangible and clear results on the ground.
As I step out today lead me lord, go ahead of me and guide my decisions.
It is alleged that some unknown people cut the roof of the supermarket, accessed and killed Gloria Akino.
He often fetched his own supplies from Kikuubo in Kampala on a bicycle.
To many a Ugandan, the name Hassan Sunderani will come off as just another Indian name.
“People should not be misled that I'm retiring to join politics.
Aspirants and supporters in the LC1 elections may have to wait longer after court put the polls case to January 31.
Karim Musisi, an official of the Entebbe stage, says KCCA has well-intended plans to expand the park and create space for the taxi drivers.
Tunisian authorities on Saturday launched multiple investigations into the sudden deaths of 11 newborn babies at a state maternity hospital in the capital.
Mathew 24:24 is at glance.
Let da top face page bear only cranes players alone & i ll buy da magazine.
The relations between Burundi and Rwanda deteriorated after Burundi accused Rwanda of hosting and supporting perpetrators of the 2015 coup plot against late Burundian President Pierre Nkurunziza.
Former Prime Minister Amama Mbabazi has said that he has not met President Yoweri Museveni for the last seven months.
The New Vision is with Jackson Rock and 5 others.
Don'T be stupid up to that extent, it's our money we use to do want we want don't change our generation, ok.
Mistreating our young Ugandan women!
Before adding chicken, reserve a small amount of marinade to brush onto kabobs while cooking.
The move was the latest by Israel targeting countries that supported Friday's resolution which deeply angered Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's government.
Built at a cost of 1.
So its only Amin who knew what to do.
My wife confessed to me that they have been in an intimate affair for the last two years.
boscos dithering is recalcitrance and power games at play.
From the talents that showed up, Uganda is set to send a strong team to represent the country in the Tusker Project Fame Season 6 this year.
Kampala Woman MP Nabila Nagayi Ssempala was Friday evening rushed to International Hospital Kampala (IHK) in Namuwongo with suspected broken limbs when her car rammed into a police patrol car.
Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) has grown its local revenue by 86% in the past two years, according to the executive director, Jennifer Musisi.
According to UCC, all new and existing mobile phone numbers will have to be registered to be activated on a mobile network in Uganda.
If these people refuse to embrace Government’s plans, then the only option is to use force to relocate them as an emergency measure before long term solutions,” Uganda People.
He who gave u the twins and took them away still lives.
High Court Judge Wilson Masalu-Musene has declined to hear a case in which city businessman Andrew Kananura alias Desh is accused of beating his former employee, Badru Katerega to death.
Teachers have threatened to go on strike starting July 22 unless their salaries are enhanced to meet the soaring cost of living caused by inflation http://see.
How is the traffic situation where you are?
Kasaija: Integration between agriculture and manufacturing boosts the supply and reliability of agricultural raw materials for the industrial sector; creating jobs for non-farming communities.
Book your classified adverts from wherever you are on https://adverts.
Most supermarkets maintained the price at about sh3,000 a kilo which has led customers to hurry and buy in bulk.
Which districts are affected most?
Minister Sarah Opendi says govt is losing sh600m annually because people do not wash their hands after visiting toilets.
Rapid Covid home tests are more likely to give a false negative with the heavily-mutated Omicron variant compared to earlier strains, the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) said Tuesday.
do u really expect any good yield lately lyk this?
“The sh276b allocation to NMS means that sh7, 722 is available for medicine per person.
Two students of Makerere University are dead after they were shot at by an armed security guard guard at their hostel in Kikoni last evening.
Investing nlt 500 Trillion Dollars (not shillings) throughout this entire region.
Kenyans CONCEDE DEFEAT: Kirui says "Actually, when me and (Wilson) KIPSANG were together, I thought we were the only ones who would fight for the gold.
The poorer ur, the more frustrated and depressed ur.
Stir the melted butter into the mashed bananas.
Museveni rewarded Kiprotich with sh200m for his win and also offered to build for the athlete’s parents a residential house.
Wat is he lookin for?
The New Vision is with Sudhir Ruparelia and 8 others.
Get all the details in the New Vision, e-paper via bit.
The incumbent Zanzibar President Ali Mohamed Shein, of Tanzania's ruling CCM party, was declared the winner with 91.
Safiina’S Nanozzi is the the owner of this place.
Police has confirmed that embattled city tycoon, Hassan Basajjabalaba has been arrested at Entebbe International Airport when he allegedly attempted to sneak out of the country after learning that the police was hunting for him.
"The path of those who preach love, and not hatred, is not easy.
First was transport problem now late printing of DR forms and now tomorrow will be?
Demonstrations across France drew around 50,000 people in all, according to organiser Caroline de Haas, to answer a citizen collective's call for a feminist tidal.
Images from #Ukraine as protesters continue to #Occupy #Kiev City Hall.
At least 200 patients are to take part in a clinical trial for a more effective drug used to treat sickle cell anaemia.
I am used to such complaints and I am not bothered," Lubega.
Breaking: Former Vice President Gilbert Bukenya has been remanded to Luzira Prison over the botched Chogm 2007 car deal.
By Francis Kagolo and Brenda AsiimweBARS in Kampala and other urban centres will soon be required not to operate beyond 10:00pm when the amended Enguli (liquor) Act is passed into law.
Why did Mugabe spend his last days in Singapore?
"Imagine if we did something different," Obama said in his annual State of the Union address.
4b loss to a group of city lawyers contracted by the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) for collection of a debt which government had already committed to pay.
How Do U Expect Us To Tell Our Stories Wen Many Retired Pple Dnt Get Their Money!
La solution aux naufrage n'a tjrs pas etait trouvee.
Donald Trump has announced he will hold a news conference in Florida on January 6, the anniversary of the violent storming of Congress by his supporters.
What do you think is the Backbone of Uganda's Economy?
Duologue with who ?
Why should m7 speak about democracy.
A caretaker is said to have left unattended a charcoal stove which caused the fire.
Museveni’S contribution was delivered by the Vice President, Dr Edward Ssekandi, during a fundraising dinner held at Imperial Royale Hotel on Saturday.
Banyakigezi plan for the future at Toronto Convention .
A long time confidant and advisor of Dr. John Garang, the late Elijah was veteran of Anyanya I and the SPLA/M.
Former defence Minister; Edgar Lungu wins #Zambia's presidential elections by 51%.
Consider the side hustle.
Dr. Goulston urges us to hug our partner every single day (if circumstance allows).
Rugunda said an interim committee had been set up to make consultations on how to handle other categories of polythene bags.
Have you reached the 'matching clothes' stage in your relationship?
My husband and I have been married for seven years and have two children.
Dalton’S elder brother, Darius Mulah Mubiru 9, was crying too, as they held their little sister, Daniela Nabi Namubiru, just six months old.
High Court orders Kabaka to reveal kingdom’s land details.
I even talked to my mother-in-law about her daughter’s behaviour, but she did not help.
To Get One, Call 0702-906-099 or 0785-216-373 or send me a facebook msg.
Should I make my boyfriend replace my laptop?
True lie even when villages where the dams are have no power!
What we sow is what we rip.
My friend Abigail sent her resume to a recruiter in response to a job ad, and she got a call back.
Our research indicates that the man should be 74 years by now because he was 73 years last year as the celebrations organized by Uganda Young Democrats indicated”.
The showdown is a lock to be the richest in boxing history and will, barring a draw, settle the issue that has been debated for years: Who is the No.
Uganda signs regional gorilla treaty.
How was mouth look like?
Get his full statement in the New Vision.
However, the NRM was more influential overall:http://bit.
Former Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) Presidential candidate Dr. Kizza Besigye on Monday met Kenya’s opposition leader Raila Amollo Odinga and the two reportedly discussed the liberation dream.
A new kind of brain implant senses a patient''s intent to move a robotic arm, researchers have said.
In UPDF whenever we carry out operations, we analyse and when there are question marks, we correct the errors,” Tumwine added.
File an angry complaint.
"Geofrey Kizito has come in for Serumagga and injured Yunus Sentamu misses the game".
The New Vision is with Luky Enid and 2 others.
I would never imagine i could see this but you know what?
The Duke of Kent, who is representing the Queen of England, arrived in the country last week.
We have details to this story in Sunday Vision.
Several local Russian news agencies reported that the manufacturer had delivered the luxury cabin chopper to the Ugandan government as part of a contract signed in 2015 with Rosoboronexport.
Do you know any of the people listed in the article, if you do, please share their photos with us.
The highly-billed super middleweight re-match re-match between Golola and Tugume dubbed ‘Battle of Champions’ is expected in May.
What is your reaction to this?
All church properties will have to be registered in the names of the institution, and not the individual leaders.
Photo: The Prince and Blatter at a meeting last year.
Discover the secret of his success in our lead story at Pakasa Vision.
The truth is those drivers are reckless!
For starts our jaja passed on Friday last week which was 11th Dec.
Justice Paul Mugamba released Richard Mwami on a cash bail of sh10m and his three sureties were to execute a bond of sh100m.
7 million people in hard-to-reach areas by the end of March.
Wonderful: DEO, U AR ALSO A SPORTS LOVER?
The results of the first-of-its-kind study commissioned by Japan's Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare, came as Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has pledged to support working women to kickstart the country's struggling economy.
He asked the media to adhere to the rules.
Ay it's you bragging but remember tomorrow it will be mmeeee.
Do you think this will make the legislators more accountable for their deeds?
Imagine atown like especialy on the taxi park and on police station during rainny season.
He says that mitigation measures following the setback were successful in both Wakiso and Kampala districts.
Something z wrong with Nairobi.
The dance of death eventually envelops us all, but until now there wasn’t any music.
Students from St Elizabeth Girls' secondary Uganda entertain guests at the CWP 6th Triennial Commonwealth Women Parliamentarians' Conference.
It will take place on March, 15-18”.
Find out the opportunities available and how you can make money during the conference to be attended by over 1000 delegates.
Muve Ku Kato; is there anybody who hs failed to pt food in the mouth jst bse of Kato's papers?
The "cessation of hostilities" began at midnight Syrian time with early reports saying front lines were silent.
Kampala - Chaos broke out along Namirembe road as Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) officials clashed with city taxi drivers as they tried to enforce the mandatory monthly taxi fees of sh120,000 on them.
I have single handedly raised my children for the last 20 years.
Kabushenga: We have been short of role models.
During Yoseri Rutabasirwa's regime we pay tax to construct roads and pay tax to use the same roads.
Do not miss the Senior One End of Lockdown Assessment exams in the New Vision.
The New Vision is with Ssebufu Wagweeku Ibrahim and 7 others.
The two-day forum organised by the Government and the Commonwealth Business Council will take place at the Kampala Sheraton Hotel from Thursday.
The chairman of the Proprietors of Private Institutions in Uganda, Mike Kironde, said that they mobilised over 3,000 teachers that were vaccinated on Wednesday and urged others to join the campaign.
Updf from Bondo Army Barracks have been called upon to back up the police.
In the New Vision tomorrow: Get a special tribute poster of General Aronda Nyakairima.
How Kanyike became deputy Lord Mayor.
Deputy Speaker Oulanyah : "The total vote cast is 327, 290 have voted yes, 33 voted No, 4 abstained".
The grand finale will be the first in the show’s history to have contestants from all East African countries represented.
We can all pick a leaf.
Look for other ways to connect put a note or something special in your kid's lunchbox.
This is not a time to issue travel advisories to Kenya.
Relationship Tip: Find a support team.
The trial of Dominic Ongwen, an alleged former Lord’s Resistance Army(LRA) rebel commander started today December, 6 at 11:30am Ugandan time in the Trial Chamber of the International Criminal Court (ICC).
Kabaziguruka, who was in Parliament from 2016 to 2021 on the Forum for Democratic Change ticket, said his dear wife was diabetic.
The New Vision is with Musinguzi Deus and 4 others.
A new study has shown that people who have sex several times a week earn more than their less sexually active peers, The Telegraph has reported.
Dr. Barnabas Taremwa Bwaniaga is a man of many firsts.
The Service is part of the official funeral ceremonies for Kategaya, who has also been the Minister for East African Community Affairs.
Prime Minister Amama Mbabazi takes to YouTube to respond to the controversial Kony2012 video.
It takes a village to raise a child- it takes all of us to protect that child.
Hijacker is being detained by #Swiss authorities.
Happy birthday my home country South Sudan.
6:In any case a well co-ordinated massive investment naturaly has got a back up plan or financial reserve to counter any financial set backs.
🇺🇬🇺🇸 An engaging 33rd #UNAA Convention in Cincinnati has come to an end with #Ugandans in the diaspora urged to focus on developmental issues that bring them together.
You can keep it in a deep freezer for about two months.
For a complete digital copy click on link to subscribe;http://bit.
The country is now ranked at number 71 out of 211 FIFA member countries-.
Last year's hard-hitting World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) report that revealed state-sponsored doping in Russia has seen the country suspended from all international competition.
Why is he more concerned with the political angle of his job as the fony phone companies cook their revenues, dodge taxes and rip off customers and all without reprimand?
After all come 2016 many Ugandans will have forgotten this, j hear they need another rap, why then complain?
May b thy r paid little any way hw mch do they earn monthly?
It is not a secret anymore, bold shades and prints are trendy in fashion, which puts the East African labels on a defined journey, this 2014.
Does Your Dad Have What it Takes?
#Interestingengineering: In Marina Bay, Singapore, there is a floating football stadium.
we a on a highway 2 HELL coz ov da DOLLAR.
5 million lawsuit against the town over the incident.
Just IN: It is confirmed that the body of Olavi Matovu, son of city tycoon who drowned in Lake Victoria, has been found.
What do you think is the most important?
Traders in Kampala have closed their shops protesting what they call Govt’s reluctance to intervene in the shilling depreciation, high taxes & the licensing of foreigners who are doing petty business.
Yo lusiferz first son!
Who was Felix Kaweesi?
Lay the sausages on the hot surface.
I guess buring him in Uganda is an NRM aknakba achievement, how many Ugandans have been buried else where?
My fiancé and I have been together for over 15 years now.
95, is also expected to compete.
Alupo, the Katakwi Woman MP, told Ugandans that Christmas this year, like the previous year, comes in the wake of challenging times.
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta’s appearance at the International Criminal Court last week was the latest instalment in an intricate game of geopolitics that has been playing itself out since he became a person of interest for the court.
The deputy Inspector general of government has suspended Epicenta Africa Limited from working in Lamwo and arrested three of its staff over alleged corruption and mismanagement of office.
“Since all continuing students of Makerere University currently enrolled on the evening programmes will continue with their studies -- see more at: https://goo.
"Even if I had won a second term, the fighting within the FDC would still be going on," says Gen.
Liverpool takes on Manchester City today at Anfield.
We are taxed more than anyone in the country.
A malware-wielding gang targeted the bank account of the overall co-ordinator of Operation Wealth Creation (OWC), Gen.
but following politics I still remember that day!
He is not only affecting Uganda as he may think but also East African community.
In just under 15 days, Ne-Yo will be in Uganda for what is billed as the biggest concert of the year and probably wrapping up the concert calendar for 2015.
Last month, world leaders converged in New York and adopted the 2030 agenda for Sustainable Development including the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
Pour in wine and sherry.
Sugarcane wiping out Busoga wetlands.
The inspector general of police gen Kale Kayihura has arrived in Bundibugyo for different security meetings with all the heads of security to find a lasting solution to the continued killings in the Rwenzori region.
#Breaking: A grand jury declined Monday to indict Darren Wilson in the death of Michael Brown, the unarmed, black 18-year-old whose fatal shooting by a white officer sparked weeks of sometimes-violent protests and exposed deep racial tension between many African-Americans and police.
The world is changing, the Church will always lose on family planing.
Here are some of the stories to expect in your copy of the Saturday Vision.
The United States warned Thursday that extremists may be plotting an attack against a major hotel in Nairobi, urging its citizens to be cautious.
Sources within the hospital attributed the loss to donors and some pharmacies in Kampala, who donate drugs after realising that they have a month or two to expire.
A picture of a child running for safety during the Westgate Mall shooting in Nairobi.
"There are plenty of people who can run this country, not Mujuru," she said, adding that her husband's deputy would take Zimbabwe "back to where we were before independence".
The New Vision is with Kitimbo Latif and Tinnah Tinnah.
What are the required documents?
The annual award goes to one outstanding woman editor in the sub-Saharan Africa region.
The government has put in place Standards of Operations Procedures (SOPs) to guide hotels as they resume operations following the easing of the COVID-19 lockdown restrictions.
Is my prayer to the survivors,have mercy dear Father.
I call upon all Ugandans to endeavour to be counted for better planning of our nation," President Museveni has just tweeted.
Beat the post-lunch slump.
John Pombe Joseph Magufuli President-elect of Tanzania being sworn in as President.
Gospel singer Joy Tendo Mata (Nnalongo) and Ssalongo Ronald Mugabe say the lockdown was a challenging moment but also a good innovation to them as parents on how to handle minors during such a period of fear.
Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) must work on the state of roads if traffic is to reduce in the city, Kampala Lord Mayor Erias Lukwago has said.
The son of the ISO boss kidnapped his murdered lover, the Police have revealed.
The New Vision is with Charles Mwesigwa and 15 others.
Thank you, God, for this brand new day.
i will give you the tele instead.
But it's too much pain tho I didn't personally Kno anyone xcept on Facebook naye kyanumye nyo.
Many of those at the free concert were lifelong fans who for years had to keep quiet about their love of the Stones and other groups.
Subscribe for the #EPAPER 👉🏿 https://epapers.
Sending in your resume on Monday can up your chances of landing the job.
Vision Group offer sh30 million and NSSF offers sh16.
Photos by Juliet Lukwago.
Daron Bartlett, Lynn Komugisha and Dinah Nalubega break down the biggest news stories of the day.
Mulumba argues that the party EC relied on unverified information to disqualify him from the race.
Uganda recently opted out of an earlier agreement to pipe its oil via Kenya.
Akena died a day after at Norvik Hospital, on Bombo Road in Kampala.
Did the crew have emergency facilities on board?
What should be considered for a good/stable relationship?
How do you rate their showcase at Kristiana Kayanja's debut fashion show?
Paddy Ankunda is UPDF spokesperson, Lt.
The "game" continues to the Final whistle.
The project was handled Reliable engineering and Décor limited, a Ugandan construction firm.
If anyone starved me with anything.
He is flanked by the Minister for EAC Burundi, Hon Leontine Nzeyimana, Hon Dr. Abdallah Sadala Abdallah, Deputy Minister for EAC, United Republic of Tanzania and the Counsel to the Community, Hon Wilbert Kaahwa.
Alves responded by peeling it and taking a bite before taking the corner, a gesture which drew praise from the world of football.
Speaking during his 21st coronation anniversary Oyo observed that the science of controlling mother to child HIV transmission especially at birth is highly advanced.
To end corruption, you must be the first to change.
As part of the @IntlCrimCourt Prosecutor’s visit to #Uganda, Bensouda plans to meet with a variety of stakeholders.
The New Vision is with Edreen Walker and 2 others.
The man knows his sport!
With this amount, he was sure he would grow its worth.
Another suitor may sweep her into his arms while you watch in disbelief.
Phone 5s vs Galaxy S4: What to buy.
Three crew members on a Malaysian fishing trawler have been kidnapped in waters where militants from the Abu Sayyaf group have previously taken hostages, a security official said on Sunday.
Police say a shooting at Los Angeles Airport on today prompted the evacuation of a terminal.
dey wud die lyk insects?
Only VIPs with vehicles bearing stickers will be allowed to access the VIP parks at both shrines (Catholic and Protestant shrines).
#Urbanupdates: The leader of Opposition in Parliament who is also the Woman MP for Gulu District Brtty Aol Ocan has survived an accident this morning.
Which one of us is right?
The New Vision Journalist; Edward Anyoli with a striking pose.
This is perhaps the BEST capture of the #NoMore rally in Washington D.C. that was held on Dec.
The New Vision is with Gilbert Satya.
Don’t ever forget that you play with your soul as well as your body”.
This may thrive since there is issue of jumping the queue!
I wish dis was done yesterday!
Minister #Otafire: "The Chinese hang their own people if convicted of Crimes that require death penalty; how can a Ugandan from Mukono survive?
Two days, we are not getting updates on new Covid infection or transmission within the country.
Clinton issue is defamatoly!
The US software titan revealed little with invitations that read: "Join us to hear what's next for Windows and the enterprise".
Two #Pakistan nationals held over gang rape.
And the support intensifies in Masaka.
A 40 inch LED flat screen.
Over 600 residents of Busana Landing site, Nyenga Sub County in Buikwe district have received free medical treatment.
These new COVID cases have a tendency of suddenly increasing in number when Jjaja is about to address the nation.
- Get the full story in the New Vision.
Edith Nakalema being sent to the United Kingdom?
Us Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden said Saturday he expects "personal attacks and lies" from Donald Trump in their first televised debate on Tuesday.
Everything he has gone through in life including paying for himself through school has been geared towards righting that wrong.
The New Vision is with Markcubz Eddie Cubz.
Respect her excellency Ellen Johnson Sirleaf.
It’S already a year since Martin Okoth Ochola and Sabiiti Muzeeyi assumed office as Inspector General of Police and Deputy Inspector General.
Mp Balyeku could be in trouble.
Oh, that you would rend the heavens and come down, that the mountains would tremble before you!
Boys walk behind patrolling soldiers in Bujumbura, #Burundi, May 15, 2015.
The cover is completely free and open to all Ugandans in Uganda.
The marathon nine-hour operation, led by Prof André van der Merwe, head of SU's Division of Urology, was performed on 11 December 2014 at Tygerberg Hospital in Bellville, Cape Town.
The Forum for Democratic Change chairman local council Busenga zone, Uthuman Ssemakula has been missing for three days.
@ Enfumu Zaitu Page, you have made me lough my lungs out!
The best team wins.
Bars are said to have been pointed out as the fastest routes for COVID-19 spread.
Parc suites Hotels Montreal Canada,is Currently recruiting able bodied male and female workers for the year.
do they some times imagine what will gappen when they die?
*All matches kick off at 4:30 pm except SC Villa v Jinja Kirinya which kicks off at 7:30 pm.
Those of you against the event please don't bother participate, it's by wish, or else organize your own.
The New Vision with MTN Uganda.
The Police in Masindi district are holding two of their own for losing an AK-47 rifle to thugs in a night attack.
-Why was it important to revive Uganda Airlines?
What if it was a terror attack?
We have Bad Black these days but now we have Stephen Kiprotich.
President Yoweri Museveni commissions new TAFE tractors as part of agricultural mechanisation efforts to increase house hold income.
Let go and enjoy the journey".
The former permanent secretary of the Local government ministry, John Muhanguzi Kashaka who was convicted over sh4b bicycle scam has been granted bail.
Parliament has approved 10 more ministers, including Janet Museveni and Kirunda Kivejinja.
Postponing Tokyo Olympics may be inevitable, says Japan Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
Certificates of about 1,200 Kyambogo University graduates are likely to be revoked if the parliamentary education committee’s recommendation on students who graduated fraudulently is implemented.
Exactly, Here in Uganda many high ranking Leaders encrouching gazzeted areas acquiring land tittles in forest reserves hence.
I Enjoyed to be in the Presence of GOD With My Friends as I Danced Like King David Thanking GOD For Protecting Me Since March till Now.
By next census their numbers may be more than Ugandans.
Politics has become the greatest source of misery and insecurity and disunity.
At least 290 boda boda cyclists have died in Uganda in road accidents since the beginning of this year according to figures released by traffic police.
a close friend to the Late ?
The heads of the NGOs say they will not be intimidated or gagged.
Some Vision Group staff were given a ride around the industrial area.
The winner will be known tonight!
The New Vision is with Hangz A Webs and Ssekitooleko Emmanuel.
9 trillion, up from sh39.
🗞️ The stories in today's edition 👉🏽 https://t.
A lot was done to tarnish Amin's name and Sully his reputation.
Billionaire businessman and Republican Presidential Candidate Donald Trump called for a boycott of Apple Friday during a campaign rally in South Carolina.
When you’re in a tough time and don’t see how it’s going to work out, instead of going around worried and stressed out, look back and remember how God protected you, promoted you and restored you in the past.
The People’s Development Party (PDP) wants Parliament to enact a law that will provide peaceful and respectable retirement for President Yoweri Museveni and other future presidents so that they do not cling onto power for fear of prosecution.
He Directorate of Public Prosecution (DPP) has gathered enough evidence to pin the suspects in the murder of Eria Sebunnya Bugembe alias Kasiwukira.
Uganda is going 2win that game.
Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) has threatened to block Emmanuel Matovu popularly known as MUN-G's show slated for September 4, at the Kati- Kati restaurant in Kampala because it is near Naguru hospital.
Want to learn from the best?
The landslide erased three villages .
The New Vision is with Charles Ojol and 5 others.
The New Vision is with Eric Ndemange.
Agago NRM ASPIRANT DEAD!
To read TODAY'S paper on mobile, simply install our Android mobile App.
If a child has many worms, they may block his or her gut causing the child to become seriously ill.
President Museveni inspecting the Guard of honor.
President Yoweri Museveni calls on the national Land Committee led by State Minister Nantaba to act.
He has clinched the Lagos vote too.
Glamorous outfits, beautiful vocals and sweet melodies.
Anti-Riot police yesterday arrested five Kyambogo University students and detained them at Jinja Road Police Station.
Or it's another way of getting rid of us faster.
aaarghh to hell with it.
As it turns out, some people, especially the children are enjoying the rising levels.
Real are one game away from the 'Decima' - their tenth European title - and will face either neighbours Atletico Madrid or Chelsea in the May 24 final in Lisbon.
The embattled former chairman of the Uganda Health and Allied Workers Union Apollo Nyangasi will know the price of killing his wife, Christine Dambio, today.
World cup means enough playing time.
Sematimba has been studying Divinity, Literature, Fine Art and a subsidiary of Computer.
For any authentic look,it all starts from 'down there', the type of shoes,avoid Shopping Based on Brand.
⛳️🏌🏽‍♂️Tooro Golf Club’s Joseph Cwinya-ai hit seven birdies & an eagle in the first round to take a five-stroke lead as the Palm Valley Open teed off.
"Baltimore is a city of promise and possibility," Mckesson, 30, told The Baltimore Sun.
Most of the strikers the coach has earmarked for AFCON starting lineup have poor goal scoring record.
The babies are having only three legs.
But Lukwago wants the election stopped because he says he is still the Lord Mayor and any attempt to fill the position of Lord Mayor of Kampala is an illegality.
Police is to intestify a crack down on boda bodas in the city, the operations Commander, Felix Kaweesi, has said.
That money will never build roads but service his selfish needs to continue ruling.
the 49-year-old said when addressing veterans of the country's liberation struggle in Mazowe at about 40 kilometres north of Harare.
Racy is all in.
Kati mukulabakwo, olabanga kyamuwendo okulekanyiza ebivuga mubantu?
The two landlocked countries are demanding Sh4.
Vision Group Vision and Koudijs, a Dutch family owned business based in Netherlands, are holding a Masters class training in modernized livestock farming (piggery and poultry farming) at Dr. Emma Naluyima's farm.
The New Vision is with Kirumira Eric Kizza and Mary Jojo Heavens.
Matia Kasaija: Growth in Services also slowed to 5.
ly/3psrSx9 to get started!
on another had custimers are exploited.
Please our beloved ancestors leave our Uganda in peace.
wat will happen in the other 349.
Change is a factor of life; everybody changes, as do our likes and dislikes.
Under his chairmanship, Arsenal enjoyed two successful eras with starkly contrasting styles of play.
72 Ugandans, who were stranded in China when the COVID-19 pandemic broke out, have been repatriated.
The police flying squad arrested a gang of ten thugs said to be behind last week’s murder of a police officer attached to Kajjansi police station.
Goods and men on transit.
Despite dropping out of school at an early age, Kayiira found his niche in motor vehicle mechanics and innovation.
A Chinese zoo ridiculed for disguising a dog as a lion has shut down temporarily for "rectification", media reported Friday.
I thought delta force captured him.
Post them on this page.
Can we trust the Police to enforce laws to which they have no clue?
The New Vision is with Twebaze Joseph.
Uganda is retarded due to lack of perspective planners.
Both sides head to the dressing rooms goal-less.
The Minister of Local Government, Col Tom Butime, has warned the district service commissions against selling jobs.
Here are alternative routes to Entebbe👉http://bit.
Hmmmmmmm So, I guess the 1st one didn't take.
As the battle for UTL audit rages on, Muhakanizi has stuck to his guns.
The case was under a retrial after the Directorate of Public Prosecution (DPP) challenged the High Court decision to acquit Kajubi.
ug or share in our inbox.
President Yoweri Museveni has said Africa should learn from Europe which has avoided war for the last 60 years and integrated to consolidate its development and economic muscle.
Despite our madness, we really need to celebrate this one.
The Nuba Mountains of South Kordofan state are home to a linguistically and religiously diverse group of people collectively known as "Nuba".
Time is the most valuable asset you don’t own.
and after i become president,i'll still use it.
A Church of Uganda priest in Rakai was recently caught by a farmer stealing a bunch of matooke from his plantation.
some are forced into acts like homosexuality.
#Ugandazambia Zambia Qualifies for Nations Cup!
Katabazi, an army officer attached to the Internal Security Organisation (ISO), appeared before the General Court Martial presided over by Maj.
Following the triple crashes of Uganda’s military helicopters in Kenya on Sunday, take a look at some of the key issues that should be investigated.
500M for a car while many Ugandan graduates are unemployed & hospitals in bad shape?
If the Pope did it, why can't the speaker did it?
Find out why the Government wants to use the Kabaka’s land, where it is located and why court has blocked the compensation.
The New Vision is with Isaiah Brown and 6 others.
Ok, it may not be that much of a big deal for folk that pray at his church, but invited guests at his album launch were left amazed.
The New Vision is with Andrew Lukwiya.
The Police has said they will provide security to the Katikkiro, Charles Peter Mayiga, and he has left Hotel Brovad in Masaka, heading to Kooki.
Phone charger not working?
President Museveni wants to eat his cake and then have it at the same time .
Donald Trump has nominated Mark Esper to be the US Secretary of Defense, the White House said late Friday, as Washington navigates a spike in tensions with Iran.
"He has been a factor in Uganda's post-independence politics".
#Transnight: Kemishan in the house!
#Breaking: General secretary of #Mogadishu's Kahda district Bile Bajun and his bodyguards shot dead by suspected Somali's #Alshabab militants in a drive by shooting.
I enter the open air amphitheater at the Ndere Centre, just in time to hear the emcee promise to take us “across Uganda, seated on plastic chairs”.
The New Vision is with Alkhaida Mayinja and 2 others.
Did you know trade and investment volumes between Uganda and Tanzania have grown from $27m (sh98.
"When the fire was being put out, a room that had been cut off by the flames was discovered," TASS news agency quoted the regional branch of the emergency ministry's press service as saying.
Dr Ruhakana Rugunda has taken the oath of office as Uganda's Prime Minister.
Just IN: The Kampala Capital City Authority has this morning sealed off Uganda House, Adm House, and Impala house for failure to adhere to the authority's call to clean up the city.
Join us to save this resource.
Maximum to big headed and minimum to law abiding.
Kids show but the dance so mature, how shall they relate.
Adam Lallana, Rickie Lambert and Dejan Lovren are among Liverpool's new recruits after they were lured to Merseyside from Sunday's opponents Southampton.
Your here exposing your idiosyncratic thinking.
Will parking fee hike reduce congestion?
The New Vision is with Galabuzi Kikomeko Edward and Maate Muhimba.
"Truth is a deep kindness that teaches us to be content in our everyday life and share with the people the same happiness".
Am following from south afrika, what does toto mean?
Behind scenes of Parliament chaos.
Thanks be to God.
The New Vision is with Agaba Scovia and 2 others.
The New Vision added 45 new photos — with Akimu Charles and 16 others.
The minister explained that the decision was aimed at reducing the large number of stranded passengers in the parks trying to travel upcountry after the opening up of public transport on Wednesday, June 4.
All City council reserves turned to shopping arcades.
Music promoters have petitioned the court seeking orders restraining Police from blocking their concerts.
The show featuring Jose Chameleone and Nigerian artiste Davido was cancelled yesterday by #KCCA and Police force after failing to agree on time.
The New Vision is with Gabriel Psalmz and Nalumansi Rebecca.
Who first owned such a car?
Our Ugandan businessmen can learn a thing or two about branding from Chairman Mao.
Corruption in Uganda starts when parents give their children sweets and money to lure fellow students to vote for them at school, Bishop Lweere says.
Look for these two signs that your child is ready to use the potty: He senses the urge to pee and poop (this is different from knowing that he's already gone), and he asks for a diaper change.
To her for getting her self where no Ugandan has ever been.
Zephyr Muhanguha hailing from Rwanda.
-Why senior ministers and incumbents lost in NRM primaries?
Tuesday’S session continued to see month-end flows, but some afternoon interbank demand for dollars led to marginal shilling weakening ahead of the sh280b treasury bill auction by the Bank of Uganda.
In my tribe (Gimara),a prov.
The 2016 Uganda Demographic Health Survey (UDHS) indicated Uganda’s maternal deaths to be a high, 336 per 100,000 live births.
The New Vision is with Kakeeto Godfrey and Dorothy Hyuha.
That's the question many are asking after FUFA declared Vipers SC champions with five games left to go?
Former Top ADF commander held over the murder .
Us angered by Sudan's Bashir bid to visit New York.
Some even insulted me on this page.
Tehran-Based fashion photographer Reihane Taravati, who was arrested along with her friends, posted on Instagram: "Hi I'm back".
What would you say to Karim Hirji if you met him.
After testing at 2 month ,there should other services extended to the victims.
you r a beast .
Over 200 children have so far died from the mysterious 'nodding disease' in Northern Uganda where it broke out three years ago.
Two MPs have returned sh5m facilitation to consult their electorate on the controversial Marriage and Divorce Bill.
Amin also ordered the issuance of passports to the pilgrims within 24 hours.
At 0932 GMT commercial banks in Kampala quoted the currency of east Africa's third-largest economy at 2,560/2,570, stronger than Thursday's close of 2,575/2,585.
Don’T 4get to buy yourself a copy this weekend.
U might want to check out our free copy of the latest University Guide pullout exclusively in the New Vision on Friday.
Details of changes to a system that critics including Francis himself had attacked as needlessly bureaucratic, expensive and unfair were unveiled Tuesday with the publication of a papal letter on the issue to Catholic churches across the world.
As I got hurt badly last time.
Reshuffles are very important.
Magara:What GOVERNMENT TOLD SOUTH AFRICA.
Investigations into the murder of Maria Nagirinya and her driver won’t stop so soon.
In OIL &GAS - OIL:PREPARING LOCALS FOR MORE LAND ACQUISITION.
I spoke to him two days ago, and he told me that he wanted to tell me something physically.
Kiprotich: Kenyan athletes were asking me to stay in Kenya but I told them I am Ugandan.
Legislators from 25 African countries and Reproductive Health experts from all over the World experienced Uganda’s cultural diversity on Thursday, when Crane Performers,.
Police deploys as MPs debate Age Limit Bill.
Parenting tip:Make it very clear what the undesirable behavior is.
A P-8 Poseidon aircraft and a guided missile destroyer, the USS Kidd, were due to aid the international hunt for the jet as the search effort extended further west, Pentagon spokesman Colonel Steven Warren said.
This organization is set up exclusively for educational, scientific and charitable purposes, including, for such purposes, to achieve equitable representation and visibility of women leaders in Higher Educational Institutions, and to raise the proportion of women in leadership and managerial positions in Higher Educational Institutions to at least 50 %.
The first court order that was delivered was not valid; then the DPC Central Police Station, Dennis Namuwoza had to stop the eviction.
The competition is set for October 25-November 3 with six countries — Uganda, Nepal, Malaysia, Singapore, Bermuda and USA expected to participate.
Though not through court one he will pay for the sin he committed.
U hv real misused the wrd Expert kweli.
we are tired of what is happening to our people loosing life in the same way.
Have you read that?
Who do you think will take the win?
It is a body for making statements in conference halls, but doesn't do anything to solve challenges of humanity for which it was established.
The New Vision added 200 new photos — in Mityana District.
Insults, beatings, arrests -- health workers battling the coronavirus were subjected to more than 400 acts of violence related to Covid-19 worldwide in 2020, according to a report published Tuesday by a health NGO.
But it looks the debt appears to be more bigger than the budget.
Mark Birungi of Kyanaisoke sub-county in Kibaale district, handed himself in to .
Please treat it with all the contempt it deserves.
Doreen Nyanjura was on Wednesday afternoon unanimously approved as the deputy Lord Mayor following her re-appointment to the same position by Erias Lukwago.
Don'T miss out the 7th Bride & Groom Expo at Umaru show grounds.
the less does not contain the MORE!
36 new cases were confirmed in the last 24 hours and 26 positive ones from foreign countries handed over their respective origins.
Be careful with contemporary slavery?
Uganda has been voted a better tourist destination than Spain, and yet not that many Ugandans are visiting local tourist spots!
And by da way what's da motto of your country Sudan!
City businessman Charles Joy Roy and his family have petitioned President Museveni to urgently intervene after a South African National they partnered with made attempts to grab their land.
Grab yourself a copy of the New Vision #EPAPER: https://is.
The students are Nathan Okule, Abel Ochar, James Okech, Timothy Aienebyoona and Kenneth Nudebo.
The promotion dubbed Karibu Kampala, that has been going on in the past one month on the four Vision Group radio stations that include Radio West, Arua One, Rupiny and Etop radio required listeners to send text messages to the respective stations.
Salim Saleh, the Operation Wealth Creation boss at the NaCRRI annual review and planning meeting in Namulonge last week.
Have U read tha Bible, studied, understood and applied its principles well?
The President of the Republic of Uganda, H.E Yoweri Kaguta Museveni will deliver the State of the Nation Address today at 2pm.
mubbe yo time will come".
I see very many people here commenting out of hatred, why don't you just accept that Buganda is a well organized kingdom than where you come from ?
In business, your reputation is the most valuable thing you own.
Hundreds of millions of people across the world🌍 are celebrating a pared-down version of a holiday typically marked by travel and large gatherings.
Cnn staff falling over each other to catch a snap with UGANDA'S Kiprotich before he went LIVE on CNN Monday afternoon.
This is a shift from an earlier communicated burial day of Wednesday in a tentative programme issued by the information ministry.
Today'S "Harvest Money" has tips on how you can grow tomatoes.
Mrs. Jane Serumaga carrying her son, Jesse, who has been maimed and turned blind after taking anti-malarial medicines he was allergic to.
Legislators on the committee of health have okayed the proposal to have victims of sexual offences, pregnant women and their partners compulsorily tested for HIV to prevent and control the rising transmission rate of the disease.
One common question from people who are growing plants from seeds is, “How do I know when my seedlings are big enough to put out in my garden?
if Kampal sky line is changing , Gulu must change too!
How possible is it that there is so much money and its owners not known?
A group of politicians in Nigeria has threatened to sue the US embassy over accusations that they groped a hotel chambermaid and tried to solicit prostitutes while visiting the US.
Having a strong network adds to your value as an employee.
“Given the trend of Covid-19 cases in Kampala Metropolitan with Luzira Barracks having positivity rate of 77%, the management has directed that Prison Headquarters is partially locked down with immediate effect.
Ndamila said that Caritas is the social services and economic development department of the Catholic Church in the Kampala Archdiocese mandated to carry out socio economic development activities.
Good, time is the best thing that children need from parents.
If you feel like you aren't getting the nutrition you need from your diet, don't hesitate to supplement it with some multi-vitamins to stay healthy and illness free.
so plz dnt say somalis dnt knw hw to fight we strong bro.
I came out there to reach and unite the people to the idea of the Kingdom of God and the promise land, but just like in all cases, the people have another agenda, which is not in accord or alignment with the Divine Plan and this is what you get.
“The collectors are mostly single mothers, widows, homeless and unemployed youths".
They have made journeys from Jinja to Kampala.
Whats your take on this feature and new update?
Parents wat dey think dat teachers are dere,wid out known dat dey are also teachers in there homez.
As long as trust is in the relationship they will compromise.
In HER VISION: FOWEDE GROOMING WOMEN LEADERS.
Gilbert Bukenya has no presidential immunity and therefore must stand trial over the CHOGM vehicles procurement process, the Constitutional Court ruled this morning.
Wastage of tax payers money 30 years down the road the Kayiira report has never been released and yet it was investigated by the Scotland Yard.
to hell with their hypocrisy.
The New Vision is with Hopeland UG and 3 others.
Leicester can supprise like the way they did in the last BPL tittle.
The hunt for a missing AirAsia passenger plane appeared over Tuesday as wreckage and dozens of bodies were spotted at sea off Indonesia, prompting raw scenes of emotion from sobbing relatives of the 162 people aboard.
The ex-Mayor claims the telecom operator has infringed on his copyright by using his speeches as ringtones, without his authorisation.
The shilling clawed back early losses against the greenback in Wednesday’s session to close the day at the 3660/3670 levels from an opening of 3665/3675.
There will be no interest charged on the money.
What shall we eventually call our own.
This was a serious attempt at total disaster and it nearly succeeded.
That'S putting the cart before the horse.
Dat is the man who changed dat fund and brought better changes.
Watch below 👇🏽 a sneak peek of some of the stories in today's New Vision (December 15, 2021).
The New Vision is with Area Code Kampala.
Phiona Bizzu from Lira was yesterday crowned Miss Uganda 2012 at a glitzy ceremony at the Serena Hotel's Victoria Hall http://see.
Britain'S Queen Elizabeth was in crisis talks Tuesday after Prince Harry and his wife Meghan lifted the lid on life inside Buckingham Palace with an explosive interview that reverberated around the world, local media reported.
the law he pretends to know in n out does not allow that.
Have they sent da money?
Wiser not to use gadgets that are in close contact with the head mass.
Where were da elders when that man publicly talked about his will, this are just people interested in free things!
West Side highway right now.
Leading kabale pipo is not a walk over very rough pipo.
Bobi Wine's in law,two others arrested .
After falling behind, the dominance of defending champions Bayern eventually told.
There are eight #BPL fixtures to look forward to this weekend.
The Black Stars, semi-finalists at this year’s Nations Cup tournament in South Africa, have requested for the friendly in Kampala in preparation for their away World Cup encounter against Sudan.
He looks murderous, naive and confused like the ideology he follows.
Ks Dhatwalia, a spokesman for the federal home ministry which revoked the licences, told AFP that they had been cancelled "over the period of one and a half years".
Makerere University Human Rights and Peace Centre (HURIPEC) director, Zahara Nampewo has urged all political parties' supporters be tolerant to each during this period of political dispensation.
Kaweesi'S wife delivers safely.
Museveni assured the Muslim fraternity, that the intercessory prayers that they offered for the nation during the Sacred and Holy month of Ramadhan, will make it stand through the difficult times of the coronavirus pandemic.
The women cricket league has ultimately turned into a two-horse race following KICC’s comfortable win over Premier on Saturday at Budo.
The UN Security Council on Monday 21, 2016 held an “open debate” on “prevention and resolution of conflict in the Great Lakes region” where Samantha Power, the US Permanent Representative to the UN, made some very unresearched and unfortunate comments about Uganda and President Museveni.
Eight battle to replace MP Zinkuratire of Ruhaama County, who passed on recently.
Cou rewards best schools.
Saturday Vision has details #EPAPER.
The New Vision is at Kasubi Tombs.
Some of Japan's best sailors, whose job it is to risk their lives when people get into trouble at sea, had to be plucked to safety by fishermen Tuesday after the engine fell off their seaplane.
George Bagamuhunda, the Bishop of Kigezi Diocese has attributed the skyrocketing teenage pregnancies to increasing sexual immorality amongst the youth.
Cmi don't leave any stone un turned.
Omg,Hez age is another story.
Four tranquiliser darts failed to stop it and a soldier shot it with a pistol.
For a digital copy follow this link; http://epaper.
Four people died yesterday in Kanyaruboga cell, Bulembia division in Kasese municipality when their houses collapsed on them after heavy floods hit the area.
The New Vision is with Governor Mark.
At the end of a long day, we tend to mentally check out of our lives and consequently, our relationship.
Aggressive measures are needed.
South Africa's Roman Catholic Church has welcomed a donation of about $40,000 (£26,000) by President Jacob Zuma to translate the Bible directly from Hebrew and Greek into isiZulu.
Nataka Richard Micheal; former Red Cross boss, in suit seated enjoying Malwa with residents of Nalondo village in Buta sub county in Bubulo west in #Manafwa district during NRM vote hunt.
Christians in Soroti and Kumi dioceses have disagreed over the burial of Bishop Geresom Ilukor who died on Sunday.
#Mugabe, 89, was sworn in today for five more years as #Zimbabwe's president.
Eye witnesses say the jam, on the Jinja side of the road is stretching all the way to the Police Roundabout, past Kyabazinga Way and is being guided by the traffic Police.
Democratic Union Party delegates in Syria approve document that declares "federal democratic system" in country's north.
10% is on the higher side.
Friday morning, was a blessed day for Namirembe Diocese Bishop Rt.
82% as a result of drunk driving.
Its high t Ugandan improved the standard of universities.
The Archbishop of the Church of Uganda, Dr Samuel Stephen Kaziimba Mugalu, has condemned the killing of innocent Ugandans in the Greater Masaka region describing it as 'inhumane.
Your husband didn't discover anything 😄.
In Jesus name, Amen.
The letter called on Zuckerberg and Sandberg to step down from the Facebook board as long as they serve as top executives, and to expand the board with members reflecting.
Just In: Supreme Mufti Shiekh Zubairi Kayongo has, passed on this morning at Aga Khan Hospital in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.
#Floodlightsrugby is back come on 10th.
Get the full story in the New Vision.
Both Uber and bolt drivers are cheaters .
Her father, David Okello, took her to a Pentecostal Church so pastors could pray for her.
The New Vision added 38 new photos.
This week, in the #SundayXtra pullout.
There are 130,000 new HIV infections in the country every year.
Following that article I have received plenty of advice, much of it unsolicited, on how I can heal my knees.
The law would be enforced from April, said the 67-year-old sovereign, Hassanal Bolkiah, one of the world's wealthiest people, who has presided over a shift to more conservative Islam and anti-sedition laws in recent years.
<P>Some think that Micho should never have been re-appointed but this is to shy away from the glaring reality; the best that Uganda has to offer today is not good enough to sustain competition at the top.
The crisis in the Uganda Peoples Congress (UPC) party took another twist last night when the party boss, Olara Otunnu, axed the party’s national chairman, Maj.
It turns out we were too quick to bury him.
They switched the results.
CNN affiliate WPBF reports that Malachi Love-Robinson, 18, turned himself in Tuesday night, according to the Palm Beach County, Florida, Sheriff's Office.
It'S what wamma .
You vampires have played on Uganda overcharging us in everything, why fear competition, if you can't stand it go to your country n do business from there.
Enanga said no one forced Kyagulanyi to sleep in their vehicles but they found that there was a shortage of lodging facilities and that the available ones were not of their standard.
The New Vision is with Jonah Namangala and Moses Nathan Muhangi.
Get the details in today’s New Vision.
Or step mothers using their extra brain to come up with yet another torturous project?
The New Vision is with Bisaso Afrikana Mujuni and Nellah Knowreen.
If we don't take time to explain, kids will begin to wonder about our values and motives and whether they have any basis.
You could wind up having a roommate-like bond with each other rather than a hot one if you let yourself lose track of the masculine-feminine tension that excited you at the beginning of your relationship.
And her case is surrounded by only Men.
However, many have no idea about a richer treasure trove of artefacts stored in a section that academic researchers are more familiar with.
The New Vision is with Emeju Aron and 19 others.
Uganda is faced with a shortage of over 2000 midwives in health facilities across the country, the health minister Dr. Christine Ondoa has said.
Is he welcome to your home town?
M7 should just put a deaf ear to the donors do what is good for the country.
Odoki has recently been at the centre of public debate following President Yoweri Museveni’s decision to reappoint him on a two year contract even after his retirement.
Eac LEADERS APPROVE $78B PROJECT.
“It started like a joke and by the time I realised just how serious it had become, it was too late,” Ekolu says.
5 million for each light!
Civil servants using government vehicles and houses could soon be made to pay a higher Pay As you Earn (PAYE) as the Uganda Revenue Authority (URA) moves to implement the tax on fringe benefits.
Patricia Dagorn, who is in her 50s, was already serving a five-year jail sentence for theft, fraud and kidnapping concerning an 88-year-old widowed teacher.
World AIDS DAY:Reaching girls,young women and men to curb HIV infections.
Stuart Muhereza of Kafunjo cell in Bufunda Division, Ibanda Municipality, has been charged and remanded for allegedly raping and a 12-year-old girl.
Mps led by Speaker of Parliament Rebecca Kadaga on Tuesday congratulated fellow legislator, Busiro South MP Peter Sematimba for passing his senior six exams.
Popular eating spot for Chinese nationals, Shanghai Restaurant is closing down its business located in Nakasero in an effort to save other arms of the business.
Big copycat, here he is making promises as usual after hearing from his opponents.
Uganda'S Prime Minister, Dr Ruhakana Rugunda, has gone into self-isolation after some of his contacts tested positive for #COVID19.
President Yoweri Museveni has said his handover of power has to be well planned and it will be after some time.
A fun day of entertainment, games, face painting, competitions and so much more all day long!
Leave alone rape of women they also rape boys/men.
Check the foot prints from where the empty bottle was found.
And the number of cases is expected to rise, they told a press conference.
#Rwanda Motorized battalion of 850 Officers, Men and Women, on Standby to intervene in Peacekeeping in Eastern Africa Region.
Justine Nasaazi says she was mainly attracted by John's looks and the words he was saying.
We lost Boeing's and ur dancing for these tuku tukus !
"The regional quality assurance system and qualifications frame work once fully developed, together with their operational instruments, will enable mutual recognition of qualifications among EAC partner states," said Jessica Alupo, the Minister of Education and Sports in a statement read by Timothy Ssejjoba, a Principal Education Officer at the ministry of education.
Even though Busoga kingdom has 11 chiefdoms, only five of these cultural units have traditional leaders (chiefs) with a constitutional mandate to elect a new Kyabazinga (king).
Q&A with Amama Mbabazi; Missing yellow tie?
Vote: Who is the best keeper of the World Cup?
You used to scream headlines on him in jail, now he gets bail you keep silent!
never know what he gat in his stupid big black head.
Woweee, @Isaaks uv killed me, that moves me 4 d day.
Bagge swoops through Hurston's life at a breakneck pace, sacrificing poignancy to sustain a sense of electricity.
For two weeks, readers of the New Vision will get the chance to nominate their favourite celebrity as the New Vision searches for Uganda's Top 100 Celebrities in 2020.
Mohammed Mayinja a first year Kyambogo University student who reportedly hacked his fellow student a one Victoria Nagayi last Friday at the University campus, is expected in court next week to face charges of attempted murder according to Herbert Akankwasa the Assistant Superintendent of Police from Jinja Road Police.
Sad scene as traders try to salvage what they can from the Owino Park Yard fire in Kampala early today.
As the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic continue to bite hard, a community scorecard assessment (CSCA) to monitor health service delivery in a variety of diseases has revealed that Uganda is making steady fast progress.
Donald Trump embarked on another packed day of cabinet-building talks Monday, widening his search for a secretary of state tasked with representing his foreign policy, having already defied diplomatic protocol and provoked China.
Father Lawrence Kanyike bids farewell to Makerere University after 30 years as a chaplain of St. Augustine Chapel.
Accepted code of conduct!
At the beginning of the NRM primaries, when it was rumoured that Kabwegyere was standing, many thought it as a joke, only to be surprised when he came second.
Indeed, following that advice, the Governor is currently in South Africa for a medical review.
The job fell vacant early this week when Scotsman Bobby Williamson was sacked by local soccer governing body FUFA.
Kaberamaido: Eight land cases are registered daily making a total of 240 a month.
With the "wolf" statement kicked out of the door, Akampurira next talks about the "leopard anus" statement by presidential candidate Museveni on his campaign trail.
On average 200 clients have lunch from the restaurant daily.
"He loves football and plays well," said Sport Boys' president Mario Cronenbold.
The Western regional track and field championships that were held at Kabale stadium on Saturday.
Congo'S telecoms regulator issued an order, seen by AFP, demanding that providers cut access to social media services from 11:59 pm (2259 GMT) on Sunday.
The company didn't specify exactly how big the display would be, but Engadget suspects Vivo is using a 5.
In a statement from the Head of Communications, Peter Kauju, he says, "Customers willing and can meet the full connection costs as opposed to waiting for the free connections, are advised to apply effective this week".
Join us for the Gospel Truth Seminar this October 19th & 20th at the Lugogo Hockey Grounds.
Ns it's good Whr at home.
It'S not time for NSSF now it's time for TOGIKWATAKO .
Will the MPs heed to his advice to have the contentious legislation passed?
The violin is the most well-known bowed string instrument across the world.
or you r the sacrificial lamb!
🙏🏽 #Jesus said: “Let the little children come to me, and do not hinder them, for the kingdom of heaven belongs to such as these”.
Bukedde TV Editor; Sarah Nassaka passes on.
Balaam Muhebwa, a tax and business consultant said the well to do firms have benefited from the various tax incentives such as the 10 year tax exemptions granted to agro-processing firms, thus further eroding the progressiveness of the income tax structure.
You will never have this day again.
He said he had put on a life jacket and dived into the sea after a warning.
Bruno K said he was invited by a friend to attend church at Miracle Centre Cathedral, Rubaga, where he will also be performing his new Christmas song with AKA kids.
The magazine captures everything about Uganda’s participation in Africa’s biggest competition right from its maiden outing in 1962.
Soldiers and villagers in eastern Uganda hacked at mounds of thick mud with picks and hoes on Wednesday in a desperate bid to find more survivors from a landslide that killed at least 80 people.
Tomorrow’S entrepreneurs are today’s children whose parents have raised them with an entrepreneurial spirit - a skill that is increasingly important.
This morning we approach Your throne of grace seeking healing for our country as we battle this second wave of the Covid-19 pandemic.
There is no way you can separate the two!
This week, we celebrate 50 years of Independence.
The question marks were understandable.
You made us proud Kiprotich!
If that project will cost $50,000 then what do the billions in every small project done by our govt?
Uganda’S representatives in the CAF Champions League KCCA FC have offered free transport to their fans ahead of their tie against Cameroon’s Cosmos de Bafia on Saturday at Namboole.
Biden will survey damage in the devastated towns of Mayfield and Dawson Springs, as emergency responders pick through the rubble of thousands of damaged or destroyed homes and buildings.
Shame on the judiciary.
Results for last year's Uganda Certificate of Education (UCE) examinations will be released on Tuesday February 03, according to Maj.
Voting started on 6th Oct and ends 20 Oct, 2013.
As of December 28, Uganda recorded 1,809 new cases of #COVID19 and 4 new deaths.
City tycoon John Ssebalamu, the owner of Freedom City has lost over sh800m.
The New Vision is with Maate Francis and 15 others.
I used to dig for many hours, everyday, all year round.
Obufele everywhere u go!
The New Vision is with Bbosa Vincent and Arinaitwe Victor.
Police detectives led by Kabalagala police criminal investigations boss Nusurah Kemigisha most of the day combed Dejavu bar located in Kabalagala under the searing heat Detectives searched the bar, especially the table at which the group was seated.
While officiating at the gala, President Yoweri Museveni said digital governance will bring efficiency and improved service delivery for the people.
Last night Jamaican dance hall king and queen, Konshens and Alaine, graced a meet and greet party at Club Venom, in Kabalagala, before holding a concert at the Lugogo Cricket Oval today.
Relationship tip: Take each other out.
#EPAPER via - bit.
Female terrorist caught on mall camera at #Westgate Centre Shopping mall earlier yesterday.
Before being infected with COVID-19, Mukisa says he used to look after people's livestock for survival, a job he lost due to discrimination, yet he has a large family to provide for.
"It was hell living with people I jailed".
And who doesn't know that he uses drugs and its effects .
The Republican billionaire's shock victory on November 8 saw him clinch the crucial Electoral College count, which determines the presidency, but lose the popular vote to rival Hillary Clinton by more than two million votes.
The prayers were held at St. Peter’s cathedral in Duhaga cell, Hoima municipality on Monday.
Catch the Presidential Address tonight at 8pm regarding COVID-19 and measures to curb the spread on all Vision Group Uganda platforms and the New Vision Digital Experience App (bit.
This comes after Lt Col.
Defeat at League One side Northampton Town in the EFL Cup tonight would heap more pressure on the manager ahead of Saturday’s visit of champions Leicester City.
William Pike narrates in his book Combatants: A memoir of Bush War and the Press in Uganda.
I spent my Valentine's Day with my family.
At least two million children aged from five to 17 years are engaged in child labour, the first Child Labour Report released by the Uganda Bureau of Statistic (UBOS) reveals.
I need to be schooled on two words: witness and suspect .
We wish to see our Uganda Airlines on the list also.
Jinja court has ordered for the immediate release of Nagayi Nabilah Ssempala after police failed to honor the unconditional order issued by the grade one magistrate.
'For those that want authority, let them stay in office, but for me, I will always be on ground to know issues that affect the people.
In INTIMATE: What is Cindy Ssanyu saying about marriage.
Luwandaga added that Bbale is due to undergo specialised treatment abroad in a few weeks’ time.
New Vision with details.
#Visionupdates trending this morning.
Uganda Hippos🇺🇬 have beaten Burkina Faso🇧🇫 5-3 on penalties to progress to the semi-finals of the #TotalAFCONU20.
Malabo - Play has been halted eight minutes from time in the Africa Cup of Nations semi-final between hosts Equatorial Guinea and Ghana after missiles were thrown on the pitch.
The two American families at the center of this story think they're setting off for a cruise down the California coast to Central America, but, instead, they're in for a catastrophic learning experience.
Meanwhile, Manchester United says "a new caretaker manager will be appointed until the end of the current season, while the club conducts a thorough recruitment process for a new, full-time manager".
- Immigration officials probed over terrorist escape.
The last several months have been quite engaging on the campaign trail.
Byandala was arrested on Tuesday morning over his role in Mukono-Kyetume-Katosi/Kisoga-Nyenga Road, where Government lost billions of shillings.
“The Acholi tied us and hit us severally.
The Police and the UPDF have so far retrieved 23 bodies at Kyambura Trading centre, in Rubirizi District after a fuel tanker truck, lost control and rammed into two commuter taxis and a saloon car, exploding in flames yesterday.
Give your car engine a break,In Motor Mart we bring you technical guide on using cold water to quench an over heated engine-Get a free copy in today's paper-https://vpg.
Mr Mujica, once dubbed "the poorest president in the world" because of his modest lifestyle, said the offer had come from an Arab sheikh.
Several children were murdered and mutilated as ‘good luck’ sacrifices in the run-up to the recent Ugandan elections, a charity has announced.
The New Vision is with Shanitel Amran.
The Ugandan civil service needs to be reformed, President Yoweri Museveni has said http://ow.
Kaweesi MURDER: President Museveni is expected to visit the late AIGP Andrew Felix Kawesi's home this evening so as to pay his respects.
Money has destroyed human conscience!
The battle is raging with both sides still goal-less.
Dunga captained Brazil to the World Cup title in 1994.
Details in the Saturday Vision, grab your copy already!
The party spokesperson, Ibrahim Ssemujju Nganda said they are going to make sure the two officers only identified as Kulayigye and Ogwal are brought to book for their barbaric acts.
The New Vision is with Ayi Van.
The New Vision is with Izomafi Obanya.
Uganda@50 President Yoweri Museveni speech in FULL at Golden Jubilee Independence celebrations in Kololo http://j.
Pope Francis on Friday deplored the "escalation of violence affecting innocent civilians" in the Middle East, from Syria to Iraq, Jerusalem and the West Bank, and urged the international community to act.
According to the Federation of the Deaf, the deaf and hearing need to work together to promote the right to use sign languages.
The awards ceremony will be held in London on Oct 25.
The New Vision is with Mbogo Frank Ivan.
Ugandans are slated to cast their vote to decide on their new President, MPs and other elective positions on February 18.
✓Climax of the #64CPC2019 will be a cultural Gala.
Justice James Ogoola has called on human rights activists to play a central role in shaping the final draft of the Marriage and Divorce Bill, 2012.
Faced with a virtual re-election campaign bid, President Yoweri Museveni has launched a smartphone App to encourage supporters, drive voter outreach, collect valuable data and give him more access to unfiltered followers.
The Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) party presidential aspirants are to hold a public debate.
She Cranes seek sh1.
“I was always confident, but I shed tears.
He is to seek a 3rd term in office as President during the upcoming general elections.
Stephen Kiprotich is carried shoulder-high by the thousands who thronged Entebbe International Airport to give the gold medallist a hero's welcome.
Otherwise personal interest may subdue and override public interest.
We have the details in the New Vision.
I have tried to trace her but all has been in vain, I do not know if my daughter is fine.
Ever noticed someone (a lady) whose posterior used to be flat, eventually becomes bigger over night?
Half-Time: West Brom 1-3 Chelsea.
Us how to fish u bloody.
Mumbere never killed anyone.
Will keep fingers crossed !
Tech savy Syrian rebels now using Apple ipads to fire rockets.
Sekajugo is being honoured for his outstanding and brave creative works that have captured contemporary human rights concerns.
It’s poor ‘workmanship’ literally and it requires a very heavy financial penalty against parties concerned.
Show your appreciation by following him!
The thieves are in charge so really we can shout all we want.
- Private players to handle power transmissions.
Please tell me how to handle this.
Last week, Mercedes-Benz unveiled a demonstration truck in Stuttgart that shows the sorts of things it expects to be selling in the year 2025.
Deputy Speaker Jacob Oulanyah, in a surprise move apologised to the suspended MPs he had vowed not allow back in Parliament, demanding that they first apologise to him.
Veteran opposition leader Etienne Tshisekedi was laid to rest Saturday as his son, the president, looked on, following three days of ceremonies honouring his memory.
The Police have deployed heavily around the US embassy and European missions, following reports of planned protests over a movie that has provoked anger among Muslims.
Singer Iryn Namubiru has returned home from Japan.
Irenausi Karenzi the assistant Parish Priest, Kitabi parish in Bushenyi passed on at Devine Mercy hospital in Mbarara.
It can also give you three instant points on your licence, which stay on for four years.
Pay your tribute to Prof.
⚽️ You know things are going on well for #ManUtd when you see ex-manager Sir Alex Ferguson flash the thumbs-up sign from the stands.
Y wud our stars explodeee?
If all you do is think about the next mountain you can climb, you will miss out on an amazing view!
We are heading to east Belitung island," deputy operations chief of the national search and rescue agency Tatang Zainuddin told AFP.
In today's New Vision, read about a city tycoon who was grilled by the Lands probe commission over 600 acres of forest reserve land.
Dont Fool Our Elders Uganda n Better Ugandan Gov't Programs Will Exist Lng After Museveni Is Gone, #RemoveThe DictatorNow!
When you came Uganda hardly consumed waragi, today it's all over the place parked in buveera.
But what condition has President Museveni given to the districts.
May there souls R.I.P!
Always know your facts .
Now US can't solve the problems they created.
The Chief of Defence Forces (CDF), Gen.
Already UPDF is struggling to clear sh1 trillion in outstanding pension claims meant for 68,042 officers who have been retired from the army.
In my view it's a westage of time and money.
I divide my time.
I just feel like getting the Intercontinental title now,” said Golola after training.
State Minister for Ethics and Integrity, Simon Lukodo has asked his senior colleagues, Syda Bbumba and Kiddhu Makubuya to resign before they are booted out of office for their role in the Basajjabalaba saga.
The signal was tested over a month ago, but got a setback due to rains that brought down a mast.
Museveni orders 7-year jail for Illegal Fishing.
As we journey through this day, may Your Holy Spirit direct us to the right path.
The security marking is highly needed.
Get a copy here.
Five NRM MPs form coalition with opposition.
More taxes more services.
📚📚 Do not miss the Senior One End of Lockdown Assessment exams in the New Vision.
A group of 492 railway workers under the umbrella trade union Uganda Railway Workers' Union has sued Rift Valley Railways(RVR) demanding sh2b for salary and damages, claiming the latter cheated them by breaching agreements signed that spelt out the mode of payment.
"I believe they all have dreams and goals to achieve.
As part of celebrations to mark the 25th Anniversary of the Convention for the Rights of Children, UNICEF will hold talk events in 14 countries around the world between February and May 2014.
Kenya RED Cross says at least 20 killed and more than 50 injured in #Westgate Mall hostage situation; The Military has joined the operation.
Former interior minister Mohamed Bazoum, the candidate of Niger's ruling PNDS party, has won the presidential elections with 55.
What does it entail?
Now they have arrested the real killer, he has to face it now.
The five BRICS nations hope to complete preparations for their proposed joint development bank by their 2014 summit in Brazil, India's finance minister, P. Chidambaram, has said.
With this, he decided to open up an electrical shop, but he never gave up his brick laying job.
The worst mourning in the world.
Mubende Hospital senior accountant, who allegedly siphoned funds amounting to over sh55m, has been charged with fraud.
Understanding what makes Entebbe's UWEC great.
Today, Yasin Idi, at only 31, is one of the wealthy young people in Bundibugyo.
"He was banged up and is in the hospital receiving medical care.
See how people,we must BR down to the earth!
Fighting women battering is everyone's role.
The Confederation of African Football has disqualified Senegal, Cranes' opponents in the 2014 World Cup Qualifiers, from the 2013 Orange Africa Cup of Nations.
#Suarez gets 9-game ban.
Nasa astronaut and Expedition 46 Commander Scott Kelly and his Russian counterpart Mikhail Kornienko returned to Earth after a historic 340-day mission aboard the International Space Station.
one day the big fish will go and there will be no to defend you.
00pm ahead of their concert tomorrow Saturday at Jinja Nile Resort.
The main purpose of the JSR is to assess progress in achieving Sector Strategic Objectives, identify strengths and weakness of policy implementation during the last financial year, and assess the extent of the achievement of the undertakings for the JSR 2014.
The New Vision is with Nampa Dativa Mugaiga and 12 others.
They also visited Namungoona and Nansana in Wakiso district.
Lane seven has been good to me these past couple of days".
BOLT joins Allyson FELIX (USA) as the only athletes in either gender with four Olympic and world championship 200m titles.
God grant her eternal peace and watch over her kids.
Monica was resigned to the "inevitable".
The forum is set for Saturday (9:00am-2:00pm) at the Kampala Parents’ School auditorium under.
Preaching at the conference is Bishop Julius Mbagaya who has served as Bishop of the Baptist Church in Kenya overseeing 4,354 churches spread across the nation, for many years.
The New Vision is with Nakabuye Shakira and 2 others.
They were working together and commander was M7.
The mystery of a missing person who was purportedly buried on tycoon Angello Kasirye's farm in Bulenga gets deeper by the day.
Are you ready for the marathon?
Take it slow, u may become another monsoon winds.
The First Lady and minister of education and sports, Janet Kataha Museveni, has tipped newly wedded couples on how to sustain marriages.
Sympathy to the defrocked priests.
A female patient this afternoon jumped to her death from the fourth floor of the National referral Hospital, Mulago in Kampala and died instantly.
But with ucc, i regret why i was born in this fake country with fake leaders, are we citizens responsible to check fake phones to enter this country, i hope we have unbs what is it role.
so dis z not necessary mean dat dis z a house -maid!
Great design that connects the landscape to the interior.
“Only 12% of children who make it to secondary school actually finish.
first improve the breeds.
Nkozi admission list inside admission list inside.
New Vision's Intimate smoked out Joseph Logeri, a seasoned polygamist in a Nakapiripirit district, and got him to talk about his love life and how to express devotion the Karimojong way.
Lets say you buy for this case 1000 shares at 250 per share thats is 250,000.
Amama Mbabazi formerly introduces the heads of department at OPM to new Prime Minister; Hon.
At the tension-filled funeral of MP Barnabas Tinkasimire’s wife, Agnes Ageno, family members asked the Police to carry out a thorough investigation into the murder.
Access to internet will no longer be a hassle after government has made it a public good.
But then what is the pic there to do with MDG's?
Ken The Man is back.
Please please be accurate private ambulances are already there like st johns ambulances but how is his different the rest in the country.
The poor woman gave the only coins she was left with.
Get it in today’s New Vision 👉EPAPER: is.
The fellow has vanished.
Like never before, Uganda National Examinations Board will release Senior six examinations as early as February 12.
The New Vision is with Andima Kosta.
Were you around Kisenyi at that time?
About 10 years ago, it would take persuasion to get someone to buy land in Kira Municipality, Wakiso district.
Grab a free copy inside the New Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Shock: Missing since February 7,2018,Susan Magara's body was found yesterday .
President Museveni has handed over Mama Lokutae' s new house to her.
Britain has refused Ecuador's request to give Julian Assange safe passage for a medical checkup after he had a sharp pain in his right shoulder, Quito's top diplomat said Wednesday.
Butabika Hospital is facing a problem of shortage of staff.
So I believe the narrative of directing the fight against gender violence in favour of the X-factor, to me is no mistake.
Digital trends to embrace today New Vision TV offers analyzed news content on trending stories in Uganda, be it politics, business, and the day today life Th.
In the paper today.
Councillor Busiu sub-county, Alfred Namansa, suggested that Mbale district headquarters be transferred to Busiu while other councilors said it should be transferred to Jewa Sub County in Bufumbo Bungokho North Constituency.
Myself asking him for affection.
Grab yourself a copy of the New Vision and learn how you can prepare a tomato garden.
This early morning February 19, 2014, court bailiffs with the help of the Uganda Police executed a court order that threw out the Pakistan Consul to Uganda from the prime land on plot 2 colville street in Kampala.
Kenya forces say they have mall attackers 'pinned down.
I have already lots to worry about it.
Bebecool reminded us that At 25yrs honorable Kyagulanyi had a developmental mentality and built him self a house at just 25yrs.
The incident took place at 11:00pm on Sunday night.
Thank god you are lieve .
So he is one of these lipstick men around?
The New Vision is with Mobagi Josephat Momanyi Momanyi and 5 others.
Details IN WEDNESDAY NEW VISION http://epaper.
The river, which runs through 10 countries, is Africa's longest and a crucial artery for water supplies and electricity for all the countries.
Activities include volunteering, donations, sport, art, education, music and culture.
Natasha is one of the smartest chimpanzees at Ngamba Island Chimpanzee Sanctuary.
THESE CARS WERE SEIZE FROM IMPORTERS DUE TO ILLEGAL IMPORTATION INTO THE COUNTRY, THESE CARS ARE SOLD AS STIPULATED BY THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT ;CALL CUSTOM.
Did you know, Uganda Electronic Single Window is an online platform that enables importers/exporters to submit, track their documents and transactions to over 16 government agencies in real time?
Kipsiro loses his right shoe after being tripped and falls to the back of the pack.
The Katikiro of Buganda, Charles Peter Mayiga Presided over the eighth graduation ceremony of Buganda Royal Institute of Business and Technical Education, Mengo on FRIDAY.
In him [Jesus our Lord] and through faith in him we may approach God with freedom and confidence.
If you think something's wrong, chances are you're right.
The Kenyan government said the Al Jazeera documentary, aired on Monday, was "scandalous and unethical".
Continue blessing us and cure us from all the diseases in Jesus' Name.
Don'T miss your copy of The Kampala Sun tomorrow.
Who qualifies and how much will it be?
we are heading to hell soon.
Acram Sulaiman come n c ths.
We’Ve got lots of exciting prizes up for grabs!
The debate to take place at Namboole Stadium near Kampala will be part of the campaign that took three months with three candidates vying to replace outgoing party president Dr. Kizza Besigye.
The much-revered camp of the Allied Democratic Forces (ADF)/ Islamic State Central Africa Province (ISCAP) in DR Congo has been captured by Uganda and DR Congo army forces.
But life was not done torturing him.
She has been given 15 days to rest.
The Office of the Director of Public Prosecutions in Kampala has been closed to the public after one staff tested positive for COVID-19.
Oh God of heaven and earth.
"Omicron is a source of concern, but it should not be a source of panic," he said.
2-He IS THERE TO FINALISE THE RELOCATION OF HIS DAUGHTER ANGELA WHOM HE FATHERED WITH HIS HOUSEGIRL A ONE KUKUNDA ENID.
What can I do to let her know that I could be her future husband?
The New Vision is with TonnyBee Okello Tonny and Issa Asman.
“Most of these were caught stealing other people’s items, especially snatching women bags, phones and other valuables.
They started off by saying the Namboole pitch was substandard, then they complained about the stadium’s dressing rooms.
#Museveni warns Besigye over.
Girls as young as 8 years are subjected to this practice –deemed a rite of passage into womanhood - without their consent.
Do you know MPs have not given up on the extension of their term of office?
The dollar has been the world's reference currency since the Bretton Woods agreement in 1944, when various key units were fixed to the value of the greenback.
In Homes: How to throw a party without causing too much damage to your home.
We Are Out Again!
#Inthenewvision: Get an analysis of this year’s budget.
As a top ranked player before, Bukenya was a regular contender in the event for the past five years.
Many ladies tend to fear pregnancy than HIV.
New Vision, in partnership with the Irish Embassy is searching for Uganda's best teachers.
Museveni fighting himself which kind of ADF has no spokesperson?
#Belgium reach quater finals for the second time after 1986.
He said: ‘But we were young.
The Sunday Times said Bin Hammam had made payments of up to $200,000 into accounts controlled by the presidents of 30 African football associations, and hosted hospitality events in Africa at which he handed out further funds, to get backing for Qatar's bid.
Happening NOW: Lord Mayor Erias Lukwago and KCCA Councillors are swearing in.
Pse revise those table standings,dont remind us of ur ignorance.
The Uganda AIDS Commission Director General,Dr. Christine Ondoa, yesterday told MPs that girls in the university age group are at a high risk of contracting the killer virus.
Hisense End of Year Sale Prices out now!
Is it possible for Engineers to join hands and form an association that would provide technical advice.
Gap in refugee camp.
I have been married to my wife for the last four years and we have two children; aged two and two months.
Who do you think will eventually win this season's competition?
"Sudanese wrestling can be a symbol of a united Sudan," says Murotatsu, a Japanese embassy political officer who tries to spend one hour a day training for his bouts.
Otto wants the provision to apply to the President, Members of Parliament and local government leaders.
Livingstone Luboobi in 2004, will again be in charge of academic affairs at Uganda’s oldest university.
Now wat a hell are u doing with this peasant Afande?
In HER VISION: RE-INTERGRATION CRITICAL FOR FISTULA SURVIVORS .
Hey Guys,please like this Page www.
Read his story here;.
Update: Wisconsin going blue puts Obama in lead in US election2012 for first time tonight, reports Al Jazeera.
Thousands of people were dying, people were disappearing.
Two charged over swapping VIP SIM cards.
Wandegeya FC have registered their first win of the second round after a resounding 2-0 home victory over Synergy FC at Kanyanya.
Agony: How can I tell him I want more?
Gtax to boost the pool for stealing.
And Uganda is doing okay?
I feel this is a form of empowerment.
Remebering thoz day our dad use to bring to us pan cake in his gaint coat and use to tell us my children be strong God is still with us, you will all made it.
I see a better Kenya in your leadership.
Government has released a tentative programme for tributes and burial of former Minister of Relief and Disaster Preparedness, Dr. Stephen Malinga.
I think they are no longer suspects but rather criminals.
The baby has a rash all over her body.
The Government is considering lowering retirement age to 50 from 60, according to the public service minister, Henry Kajura.
President Yoweri Museveni's full address on the state of affairs in the nation >>.
Focus on the things that really matter that means no hitting, rude talk, or lying.
Photo by Booth William.
With the new EFRIS system, you received your e-receipt instantly, making your bookkeeping easier.
Fdc presidential flag bearer, Dr. Kizza Besigye Besigye, has been transferred to Kira Road Police station in Kampala.
Is teargas over to be deliver?
The economy is wrotten baba.
brother; Eddie Kenzo the award for Best New Music Act.
Kenya RedCross say death toll rises to 68 people after Nine more bodies were recovered in the joint security operation.
The Guinness world record holder as the worlds ugliest woman, Anne Woods, has died aged 67.
Folks, what would you do with that kind of money if it came your way?
Is a ministry the core need for private sector !
Lyf is jst lyk dt here on earth.
More in New Vision #EPAPER- https://vpg.
Kyadondo East MP Robert Kyagulanyi, aka Bobi Wine, the Mityana Municipality MP Francis Zaake, Eddie Mutwe, and other pilgrims take part in the Martyrs day celebrations at Namugongo.
He has basked in the limelight from the moment he won gold in London.
Dr Henry Mwebesa in his letter dated December 4 2020, claims that the song was causing misinformation among different audiences and subsequently creating complacency among the public.
From washing dishes to owning a sh1b lodge.
Archbishop Odama calls for peace in Arua.
New Vision has this story.
thats his choîce of destiny he has played his part quit well.
The Electricity Regulatory Authority is due to announce today an increase in power tariffs, a move they say will ensure that the energy sector raises money to sustain its operations.
The New Vision is with Kakooza Rama and Kyobe Allan Kaggwa.
5 miles into the sky.
Should Uganda’s education sector be reviewed?
It took 100 climbers and three inter­national armies to rescue them.
Paris was smothered Wednesday by its worst winter pollution in a decade, with commuters enjoying free public transport and half of all cars ordered off the road to try to clear the air.
Fight AIDS not People.
Fdc and Uganda is bigger than Me.
Most of European League games are suspended BUT you can still enjoy our SLOT and CASINO games both at our outlets and ONLINE.
May God bless the donor mothers.
President Yoweri Museveni has assented to the Regulation of Interception of Communications Act 2007, which authorises the tapping of telephones and other private communication for security purposes http://ow.
even in the papers.
"I am having challenges in Parliament.
KAMPALA SUN is a weekly paper capturing the unpredictable rhythms and heartbeat of Kampala.
In Pictures: Day one of the Uganda presidential campaigns.
The New Vision is with Ecwa Tonny and 5 others.
Pastor David Kiganda of Christian Focus Centre yesterday tied the knot with Cindy Karonga in Zimbabwe's capital city Harare.
Kagoma County MP Fredrick Mbaghadi Nkayi was arrested over failure to pay a sh41m debt.
will they compasate students time and money?
Mr Lukwago is becoming an irritant and a nuisance.
Kaweesi KILLER SUSPECT’S FAMILY SPEAKS OUT.
Today IN HISTORY: September 1, 2003.
Of course, I felt awkward and embarrassed.
The Irish Government has told the Ugandan Prime Minister Amama Mbabazi that it wants the misappropriated funds from the OPM to be repaid.
Has government done enough in the fight against HIV/AIDS?
The New Vision is with Kenneth Muturi and 3 others.
At 1st i got excited thinking that the transport fee was to be reduced but since everything remained normal, they should pay.
Let God the best judge do HIS work.
Grab a free copy in the New Vision for MORE #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Tension is brewing in the Anglican diocese of Kitgum after its Bishop; Benjamin Ojwang warned the Province of the Church of Uganda that his retirement would contravene both canon laws and labour laws.
Otherwise this conference is good for nothing.
A short while ago, men of the ugandan armed forces placed this country in my hands by entrusting me with it's goverment .
A police source told the MailOnline on Wednesday morning that the killing had the hallmarks of a "state-sponsored assassination".
Regardless of what you’re doing, preparing yourself in advance gives you the best chance to accomplish your goals.
The nurses and mid wives called off a strike after a deal with government.
Indi VISION: India marks 72 years of Independence.
Police had fired tear gas earlier to disperse hundreds of stone-throwing opposition supporters in Kinshasa, as they tried to march on parliament ahead of a planned mass demo to demand that Kabila quit power when his mandate runs out in December.
This brother has lived so much in town,he forgets that some people have nothing like such media he’s talking about.
Tell us the apps name!
The New Vision is with Rruku Ndo.
WHAT DO YOU WANT TO SEE DONE TO SAVE THE LAKE?
Read here for details 👉http://bit.
“From as low as sh300,000 to sh6m depending on the size of your living room or preference, you can add this beautiful eco theme to your living room,” |.
We discuss the proposed merger of state agencies.
Do you think President Yoweri Museveni’s move to appoint opposition members to Cabinet was a good thing?
Many openly preferred someone younger than 70.
Do you have an upcoming event?
Man Utd's Robin van Persie scores a spectacular diving header to equalise for Netherlands against Spain.
Stir in the shrimp, garlic, and green onions.
ly/3g4c2Fp to get shopping!
May the boy rest in peace.
Most affected are Kamuli Town Council and Nabuiguli Sub-county recently.
She has directed the renegade General to attend the next sitting of parliament in Kampala, which is scheduled for this afternoon.
Floyd 'Money' Mayweather will in fact have real money in his mouth for Mayweather vs.
Never underestimate the power of God, with Him no pretence!
So have you saved with NSSF for more than 10 years?
The New Vision added 33 new photos.
The New Vision is with Zazi King and 14 others.
In a press briefing at his office at Parliament, the Busiro North MP described the POMB as a one-sided law that could be used to victimise opposition.
We lose our patience, gentleness, thoughtfulness, understanding and the general effort we once made toward our mate.
A 50 year old woman has been arrested by Police in connection with the murder of her husband over shs 1000.
I have known my boyfriend for two years.
Traditional circumcision ceremonies in South Africa's Eastern Cape province, where the rite-of-passage practice is common, have left 14 boys dead and 141 injured this year, local authorities say.
About 12 years ago, I met a man with whom we became good friends.
Around East Africa: Rwandans gear up for the launch of the memorial garden at Nyanza Genocide Memorial in Kicukiro district.
President Yoweri Museveni has said that Uganda will never again suffer the problem of power shortage given the current speed of dam construction that is in turn spurring economic growth.
What of the other version him calling out his wife Margret Hello.
If you do, then the sixth Bride & Groom Expo is where to be!
But dear catholics,we need to pray for our priests.
Isaac Okello, a resident of Oluba village in Koc-Ongako sub-county, Omoro County in Gulu district was on Monday convicted by the Gulu Chief Magistrate, Paul Owino Abandonson after he stole a goat valued at sh75,000 from his father.
Nrm members of Voice of Movement gather at Kyandondo.
Subscribe for a digital copy;.
That habit is as old as man .
Good job Rachael keep that spirit !
One of them is the Mukono-Katosi-Nkokonjeru-Nyenga-Jinja road.
Never mind his failure to deliver on a new Villa constitution.
Prepare cake according to package directions using a 13 x 9-inch baking pan.
Croatia'S players are refusing to talk to World Cup media after photos of them were published bathing nude in their hotel pool, coach Niko Kovac says.
Sion Prayer Centre, Bukalango in Wakiso district as Ugandans get set to usher in the #NewYear 2020.
A Ugandan medical expert Dr. Alex Coutinho who recently won a $1m (sh2.
This is cheap gossiping.
There are two ways to win a war.
Buy and read the #EPAPER via -.
The New Vision is with Aiden Graw Nuwenyesiga.
Without any doubt; oil extraction will have a negative impact on Lake Albert.
Just asking, WHO ARE THESE GUYS WITH RESPECT TO THEIR: NAMES, REGION AND VILLAGE OR ORIGIN.
Yesterday you run a story how floods submerged houses and vehicles.
Get a copy of New Vision to find out how you can easily win a fantasy wedding.
Share with us what is happening.
Private security guards are the new beggars in town.
The Score so far is 2 to 1.
Covid-19: Uganda records over 1,600 recoveries in one week.
Hope this doesnt last long.
The seat fell vacant early this month on April 11, following the death of the area MP and Minister of Disaster Preparedness, Dr. Stephen Oscar Mallinga.
I'M not running, but I'm going to keep on working and speaking and standing up for what I believe, Clinton said Monday in an interview with News 12, a local TV channel.
The Governor of the Central Bank, Emmanuel Mutebile has dashed hopes of ever reopening any of the seven closed commercial banks.
A scandal is simmering in the wilderness.
Deputy Prime Minister Muganwa Kajura trailing his opponent Lawrence Bategeka in the race for NRM flagbearer for Hoima municipality.
Last visited it 2001.
The US government and Apple will face off in court on Tuesday in a closely-watched case that could have wide-reaching implications on digital security and privacy.
Shovels abandoned by weary hands are strewn on the dirt among empty cans of lemon air freshener that fail to mask the stench of death.
Restaurants and cafes in the country are no longer required to have gender-segregated entrances.
Ghana-Born Kofi Annan, who died Saturday aged 80, was the first UN chief from sub-Saharan Africa, and it was on this continent that he experienced both the most difficult moment of his career, as well as some of his biggest diplomatic successes-.
We were not lying about the gifts.
Mayor Bill de Blasio indicated the blast was not accidental, even if there was no known link to terrorism.
Read full story here;.
In his wisdom, mzee Kayongo sent the boy to do apprenticeship with his friend, a skilled artisan.
The wonderful title piece is essentially a stickler's volcanic eruption of linguistic pet peeves, beginning with "Would everybody please stop saying iteration?
Dafin Auma, 19, a resident of Teso Bar in Adyel division, Lira municipality was arrested on July 27 after kidnapping a three-year-old girl from their home in Angwetangwet in Adekokwok sub county, outside Lira town.
The New Vision is with Ssenyonjo Vicent and Lubwama Brian.
The New Vision added 3 new photos — with Flavia Nantairo and 7 others at Hotel Belair Residence.
Kipoi pleaded not guilty to the charges and was remanded until January 15th.
State House has directed the media to stop depicting President Yoweri Museveni as a disc-jockey.
According to the pupil’s teachers, who contacted the police about the composition, he had written about what his aunt had told him.
The New Vision is with Akwii Grace.
The New Vision is with Real Abdu Kivesironko.
News ON THE GO!
Full show will premiere here, turn on notifications!
Females are acutely aware of their surroundings, and it is not just because they have better peripheral vision than males; they know when they are being checked out.
Burundi'S opposition has rejected proposals for a new election timetable after weeks of protests at President Pierre Nkurunziza's third-term bid, saying conditions for holding fair polls were not met.
Gregory Mugisha Muntu in 8 of the 10 polling stations.
The areas combed included Bugembe town council, Wanyange, Budhumbuli East ward and Wanyange Lake village.
Retired Justice Alfred Karokora has died, a family source has confirmed to New Vision.
Both are scheduled for September 11 visits to Shanksville, Pennsylvania, where one of the hijacked planes crashed into a field on that day in 2001.
They should be weighing above 50kg, aged 17 years and above and should neither.
Jinja Road, traffic is moving ,motorists will take a minimum of 7 to 8 minutes to reach in the city centre.
The Kabaka of Buganda, Ronald Mutebi arrives at Kasubi Tombs for prayers.
Trump also said he planned to hold a summit with Chinese President Xi Jinping at his Florida estate Mar-a-Lago to ink a deal.
Find out more details in the Saturday Vision- https://vpg.
Toni Kroos fires high and not very handsome from 25 yards as Germany struggle to get in behind Ghana.
Get a copy or subscribe online; http://epaper.
Kwae Island Development Limited, the company that had contracted Alistar Brown, distanced itself from the disgraceful incident, stating that the company shows respect to all service men and women.
Go to state house.
Haven'Nt seing be4 new vision is the gov museven which deals with fake reports and what if its true what transport means, food allowence,why not be4 iamvery old but i'll never becz museven promised that an elderly people MUST GET 20000 monthly c'ntry wide up to now i do'nt touch, smell, even see.
A new book and a pledge to testify by former White House chief of staff Mark Meadows could heat up the investigation of ex-president Donald Trump over the storming of the US Capitol.
He is a street photographer and lives in a muzigo in a Kawempe slum.
Death toll from the #LakeVictoriaBoatAccident has continued to rise as UPDF, Police marine rescue teams concentrate their efforts around the point where the now located vessel went down.
Talking as if he was educated by thieves.
Take criticism or “feedback” for what it is: a gift given to you to make you better at what you do.
Experts have called on the government to increase investment in the water and environment sector, to boost socio-economic transformation sustainably in the country.
He said he would take the name Francis I. Pope Francis, 76, appeared on the central balcony of St. Peter's Basilica over an hour after white smoke poured from a chimney on the roof of the Sistine Chapel to signal he had been chosen to lead the world's 1.
Get ready to be inspired on April 11th.
49 for tour guides and tour arrangements.
All the passengers on board survived death but sustained severe injuries including broken limbs.
When shopping for shoes, commit to trying on several different brands.
Iraq'S army "regaining confidence" during advance on Tikrit.
More of these 🗞️ - bit.
"Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of anything that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth".
Mandela in hospital for tests.
See poster for details.
That is exactly what Ochieng did.
Harvey Barnes scores the opening goal!
We have to encourage people to move towards what they think is good.
Pastor Sebastian Mbuya of Delivering Power Centre International in Mukono district, charged with defiling a 17-year-old school girl has been remanded to Luzira Prison.
Don'T miss The Beat pull out.
Middle income status comes much earlier as Uganda clinches deal to teach Cambridge University students from here.
He called on robert Kabushenga to do the same if defeated.
A Catholic priest applied for and received special permission from Pope Francis to leave priesthood.
Jamwa was driving out of the country to the neighbouring Kenya:http://bit.
His Father passed away when he was a young, thank God for good fathers who know how to prepare and train their children, hence leaving them with inheritance.
and True, it is Typical Ugandan http://j.
Jinja high court has quashed an election petition with costs that was file against Fredrick Gume Ngobi the Bulamogi north member of parliament and also minister for cooperative together with the electoral commission.
Prince William on Thursday defended the British royal family after his younger brother Harry and wife Meghan accused them of racism in a bombshell interview watched around the world.
If Uganda is the pearl of Africa, thanks very much to Christianity.
Drain marinade from the chicken and vegetables, and discard marinade.
Next Sunday (October 18), local musicians and well-wishers will come together in a bid to save veteran Kadongokamu singer Mamuli Katumba who has been bedridden for months.
Corruption is in the hearts of the people, they need to get saved,” Nakalema.
The Government and the union had signed an agreement for a sh495b grant to be disbursed over six years:http://bit.
Conceived during a weekend hackathon in October, it has just won funding from the US Agency for International Development (USAID), lifting hopes it could be in production and out in the field in a matter of months.
There has been a VAR check as that United goal is reviewed.
in theory it appears that the president is fighting the cause of the victims of homicide but in reality it is him the weak link in all this.
Lots of entertainment; Cat walks.
A New Vision child rights reporter has featured on a CNN documentary dubbed 'African Voice.
Who TRAINS THOSE TEACHERS?
Who'S new strategy, for 2019 through 2030, aims to prevent seasonal influenza, control the virus's spread from animals to humans and prepare for the next pandemic, WHO said.
This was on December 17, 2014.
Word has it that Joel Isabirye; a programmes director of Super FM and Rebecca Jjingo, a radio presenter, stage-managed their wedding, which was held on December 5, 2013.
this is extra important when it concern business that have any kind of environmental effect.
Govt paid 24 –year old sh1b for land he got at sh72,000 .
You may also wish to go compete, actively participate, regardless of which party.
Get a copy now.
First of its kind!
After realising they had stolen from a disabled woman in Istanbul, ashamed thieves had a change of heart and returned the stolen goods.
Where they initially riots or demonstrations ?
The Katikkiro of Buganda, JB Walusimbi has summoned the Buganda cabinet for an emergency meeting over the fire that gutted Kasubi royal tombs last night.
“When I looked at my daughter, I held the breath, I became speechless, and felt traumatized at the same time,” Alesi Azaru, mother of tortured 3-year-old.
O) said on Tuesday they received strong pre-orders for Apple Inc's (AAPL.
Do Not Become Alarmed sounds like a suspense story.
Details in the Sunday Vision, grab a copy.
The Uganda National Anthem has just beeen played.
He explained that this will be the first ever Uganda Martyrs congress in Uganda.
The New Vision is with Kakule Peter and Jibreel Shakur Tekkwor.
A cross-section of the public in Kitgum district have mixed feelings on the appointment of Beatrice Anywar to the Cabinet, with most seeing it as her personal achievement and a few welcoming it.
The Police have explained the shooting that took place in Nsambya, a Kampala suburb yesterday in which two people were killed.
Nigerian Police drag a suspect to a waiting truck.
Then what is wrong with that?
Vaccinating Ugandans against the COVID-19 virus is the ultimate solution to ending the pandemic, President Yoweri Museveni has noted.
Turn over; cook another 2 minutes.
Full story in the New Vision 👉 #EPAPER: is.
The New Vision added 9 new photos — at Mandela National Stadium - Namboole.
The government and the army denied that there was any looting.
We bring to you the Christmas celebrations across the country.
Am disappointed wt this', only one millitant?
It’S time to audit your health for the year 2021.
The merger of government agencies may not be immediate.
Anthony Martial finds his second goal of the evening, which is @ManUtd's fourth.
Us Vice President Joe Biden announced Wednesday he will not run for the White House in 2016, ending his life-long political dream and months of fevered speculation that has split Democrats.
This morning, because God has esteemed you higher than the lilies of the field, and the birds of the sky, may He take care of you, supplying all your needs today and every other day.
Working for their survival only.
or hw z it pronounced .
Career tip: Hiring managers couldn’t care less where you went to college.
A show that gets all of Africa clamouring to catch a glimpse of, mainly in anticipation of what romances the contestant housemates might get up to, among other attractions, and distractions.
That's dramatic," Colin Mathers, coordinator for mortality and burden of disease at the WHO, said as the organisation launched its annual world health statistics report.
The Ministry of Health confirmed 28 new cases of COVID-19 on Wednesday night, pushing the virus curve to 281 patients.
A fire swept through Ground Zero Bar in Wandegeya where revelers had gathered to watch football games, destroying plenty of property.
We expose them in the Sunday Vision.
No rain in kaberamaido!
Serious wastage of tax payers money.
New details emerge on Kaweesi killing.
The Inspector General of Police, Gen.
Do you know Kenyans were equally excited by the Uganda Airlines?
Good work, i just want to visit the place and ask some information.
He also assured Ugandans that as long as he is still the President and the National Resistance Movement government is still in charge of the affairs of Uganda, a bad, harsh or even insensitive law that tramples on the fundamental human rights of citizens or affects their harmonious co-existence will never be passed.
Get a copy from the nearest vendor or Supermarket.
This was during a fundraising drive at Bulange Mengo today, February 4, 2014.
The director-general of health services, Dr Henry Mwebesa, has said the increase in the number of cases coupled with deaths is largely due to complacency in adhering to the COVID-19 prevention measures.
If your problem is seeing another president just go to google you'll see varieties of photos of presidents.
But NRM is symbiotic wth thefty.
Christians know Jesus was born in Bethlehem it is written.
Vincent Harding, a great figure in the African American freedom struggle, is dead.
According to the Foundation President, Hilary Pennington, the Foundation felt that the Nabagereka Development Foundation (NDF) was doing a great job to the population and it deserved their assistance in that regard.
We need help,” were the words of Jenniffer Mujungu, a health official at Ntoroko Health Center III after the Lake Albert boat disaster yesterday.
Mario Balotelli's Super new best friend.
The New Vision is with Muhanguzi Comrade Gucciblanco.
We have Barbara Kaija's acceptance speech in today's paper.
If you are heading East, here are the alternative routes to avoid jam.
Us president Barack Obama will make his first visit to an American mosque this Wednesday when he meets with Muslim community leaders at the Islamic Society of Baltimore.
Its not just changing ownership but could also require them to change their domicile.
Details of this story coming up shortly.
The New Vision is with Apuuli Jonah and 2 others.
also the policy of WRMD where they are the data collector, assessor, controller and primary user doesnt help to get other inmetersted parties to contribute.
Live: The Vision Group team of James Bakama, Norman Katende & Teddy Nakanjako is in Moscow to cover the World Athletics Championships #moscow2013 that start tomorrow.
To get in, I had to go through the head of the family, Nehemiah Matembe.
Its now a REPUBLIC.
That was a mistake, this direct tax introduced people to the money economy ( which they seem to want) and forced a tiny bit of responsibility and shared burden upon all.
Fdc needs sh700m to convene its delegates’ conference that will elect a new leader to succeed the founder, Col.
First things first, what happened to Karuma Dam?
The US election saga is far from over as Hillary Clinton and her allies secure a vote recount over alleged election malpractice.
In HARVEST MONEY:Alema's mixed farm fills up his cash basket.
The New Vision is with Kitimbo Latif.
No one is above the law.
President Museveni hosts thanksgiving prayers at State House Entebbe.
DONT Miss Great weekend reading.
A member of the Ba'ath political party he was instrumental in its rise to power in 1968.
A sports marketing company run by the nephew of embattled FIFA chief Sepp Blatter has confirmed its CEO in Italy is under investigation as prosecutors probe the sale of Serie A television rights.
By the way where is kanyamunyu?
Is this request by Pioneer Bus justified?
Actually these sk called refugees are living well off than some citizens.
I thought women are many an d lonely why then rape instead of proposing to one.
In the long run, import good become more cheaper and competitive in price than the local produce.
Civil Society Organisations fighting for women rights have raised concern on how sexual offenses are investigated saying a lot needs to be done for fair justice.
He Even Mounted A Pig Last Christmas In The Village.
But he is a police officer or Mafia because how can u refuse to leave office.
Have you not heard?
One thug for another.
He added that the group would be held until a peace agreement was signed.
Details in the Sunday Vision.
The duo, Richard Ssenyange and Richard Mukiibi, was driving on Kampala Road when the bleating of the goats alerted the Police.
The hard-hit Czech Republic has requested a delivery of Russia's Sputnik V vaccine in response to the delayed arrival of EU-procured jabs and will also consider Chinese inoculations.
There is no plan by government to halt importation of second hand clothes, an official in the Finance ministry has said.
Court has pronounced that mobile money business operated by the five major telecommunication companies is illegal.
Why Only Amudat, Kotido And Napak?
Otwani who opened along with Roger Mukasa was the most conservative of the pair as he faced 112 balls on the way to his 66 while Nakrani needed only 66 balls to get his 57 runs.
He started out peddling secondhand clothes on the streets of Iganga town after dropping out of school in S4.
Jjingo Gonzaga was dragged to the Police by a group of residents who arrested him as he attempted to amputate his wife Agnes Nakasozi.
They will compete against South Africa, Zimbabwe, Namibia, Tanzania and Kenya, with the top two teams qualifying for the tournament which will take place in Bangladesh.
Uspa member and rally navigator Leone Ssenyange says he is humbled by the Nile Special Uganda Sports Press Association (USPA) Sports personality of the month of October recognition.
""The parking lot has not yet been open because of the installation of a security system.
Neatly slice the eggs in halves, and then scoop out the yolks.
We can as fans but the top are still stuck on choosing which mode of action that we should go with and that's is btn the Moneybagg way( PSG /man city way .
The hosts started the second half of this campaign with a 2-1 defeat to Hope Doves last Thursday but Wandegeya were in no mood of seeing a repeat of such a result.
I love the daily advancement in technology,it is some thing that no one had ever thaught of 25 years ago.
He is also the secretary general of Center Organization for Free Trade Unions (COFTU).
New Vision’s Barbara Kaija said the purpose of the forum was to “create a common voice for editors” who “share the same vision to be the eyes, ears and voices” of.
Health & BEAUTY: "Drum up your lifestyle by testing early for prostate cancer" We bring you insight on possible threats it poses on you.
I have a feeling all those people were at their homes and have already spread the virus.
Did you know the ostrich is the biggest bird on earth?
This very paper has been telling us that updf is manufacturing oxygen and supplying.
mu kama ga Bishop Ssalongo Bukemeko.
Put patrol police cars along the high ways instead of those stop overs.
What lessons are there in his story for young entrepreneurs?
Prime minister's office the leading corrupt office in Uganda.
The money was handed over to Vision Group, chief Executive Officer (CEO), Robert Kabushenga by Caritas Uganda National Director, Msgr.
This & a whole lot more in our sports special.
At no time did the Russian military aircraft cross into UK sovereign airspace".
When things get tough, take breaks from the argument.
But Wats So Interesting In Music Guys?
Over 800 front line health professionals and 140 facilitators have received training to help patients fight HIV during COVID 19 pandemic.
The New Vision is with Shibah Byans.
Uganda made it to Africa Cup of Nations final in 1978.
Unatu secretary Teopista Birungi said Tuesday that, “We (teachers) emerged the winners.
The major legacy television companies are struggling to find the formula to stem the loss of customers to Internet rivals like Netflix, Amazon and others.
This TIME HE MUST FAIL!
Mathias Nsubuga Birekeraawo, a Member of Parliament for Bukoto South County, Lwengo district and Jolly Kawaya Nsubuga.
Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) leaders in Bushenyi district have demanded the unconditional release of their party President Patrick Oboi Amuriat.
President Museveni and Chinese counterpart meet.
A student from Sierra Leone was denied accommodation when he arrived to study at the University of East Anglia because landlords thought he may be infected with Ebola.
Update The Triage Centre has been cleared ready for Rescue mission #WestGate.
I don't think we'll go with another direction.
Golola used to say them but look how fame has brought him ease ness to such things.
The New Vision is with Mohammad Shabihuz.
The New Vision is with Ngorok Patrick and Mwala Wilson.
Do you want to mean that being a thief is now a trait in uganda!
I pay fees for my children.
Robbers shot her four years ago, but she did not die.
Can FUFA afford him?
Thats Sounds Great !
Despite resistance from his in-laws Deo Kabwende Tumusiime stuck to his idea of a simple wedding.
The woman was driving alongside a lorry carrying the huge, orange box, which suddenly listed to one side.
Hope they are happy now that she is no more.
Mps ask Auditor General John Muwanga to find out where the sh6b golden handshake came from.
Kids can't absorb too many rules without turning off completely.
The move risks unleashing economic chaos, as Britain is scheduled to end ties with its biggest trade partner after 46 years on March 29, no matter what.
We need peace in Africa!
The fact that some 932 senior officers have been promoted, 253 NCOs promoted and 15,526 to lower ranks indicates that more troops should be recruited into the Rwandan Armed Forces.
However, the Omukama Solomon Iguru Thursday did an unprecedented act when he prayed for God’s forgiveness for evils committed by past Kings and his subjects.
Lord, support us all day long until the shadows lengthen, and the evening comes, and the busy world is hushed, and the fever of life is over, and our work is done.
But the story in Ministry of Health is different as internal wrangles and tension among top officials are paralyzing service delivery which is threatening to tear it apart.
Uhuru Blasts US, UK in his AU speech.
With the top places dominated by Ethiopians, Kenyans, Tanzanians and Ugandans in the past editions, this year has sieved out Ugandans and Kenyans as the best-of-the-best in all the categories.
Remember to drive carefully, as the roads are slippery.
In the wake of more recent award nominations, bar brawls and wrecking his home, many have been hard-pressed to find out why Mowzey Radio does the things he does.
7 trillion supplementary expenditure for the purchase of fighter jets and sh2.
Kwegamba prince Charles has been chewing her mother queen Elizabeth.
And he keeps the sequence going!
Representatives of around 40 countries on Saturday approved plans to establish a fund to protect heritage sites in war zones and a network of safe havens for endangered artworks.
Pick pocketers must pay be punished.
Let the guys win.
The New Vision added 168 new photos.
Hajji Fahad Lugobe told police that he could not believe that his wife, Masitula, took nude pictures and sent them to some ‘boy’ on WhatsApp, a messaging service.
What are you giving up?
The donation is part of a consignment of 10000 balls worth sh500m that are going to be given out to all UPE schools across the country.
MacDosman Kabega and Tom Magezi Tuesday walked out on Geoffrey Kazinda after court declined to grant them an adjournment.
Get a free copy in the Saturday Vision- https://vpg.
Over-Thinking ruins you, ruins the situation, twists things around, makes you worry and makes everything much worse than it actually is.
A photo of Pope Francis has gone viral on social media after he was captured in a classic rapper pose during a visit to the Central African Republic (CAR).
CECAFA GROUPS: (A) Uganda, Kenya, Ethiopia, South Sudan .
The New Vision added 14 new photos — with Kel Lutherfordz Ernest and 3 others.
<P>Tuchel'S side were well below their best at Vicarage Road, but Hakim Ziyech bagged the 72nd minute winner to extend their unbeaten run to 12 games in all competitions.
We need not tow anyone's line!
The small Southern African nation of Botswana is leading the way in treatment and containment of the virus that causes AIDS.
President Museveni shouldn't listen to these religious people.
Did you know one of the Uganda martyrs was from Kibaale?
Ms.Benin; "Because of corruption, Uganda is not eligible for the US Millennium Fund for Energy.
Having breast cysts does not increase your risk of breast cancer.
People are always making excuses as to why they can’t travel like it’s too expensive, can’t get time off work etc.
Was it purely a case of poverty, despair, anger, drug abuse or all of these.
From the boardroom, to the bank account, to the playing and coaching staff, Power is undergoing a shakeup, although it may be short of the revolution that some hoped for.
Find out why he had to sound the warning at this time.
Bullion van robbery: What exactly happened?
When she is selected to take part in a research, Natasha willingly accepts however after entering the testing room she tends to change behavior and becomes aggressive more so when she loses on the research reward.
Just like your boss #Tibs.
Oscar de la Renta’s final creation: Amal Alamuddin's dress for her wedding to George Cloone.
Fao contends that although the shares of people living in poverty and extreme poverty have declined over the past three decades, the numbers remain high, with almost one billion people considered extremely poor and another billion poor.
Should Bobi Wine pay more taxes for his armoured car?
"When you rise in the morning, give thanks for the light, for your life, for your strength.
Zac Snyder's thundering and grim "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice" offers the kind of blunt, mano-a-mano faceoff usually reserved for Predators, Godzillas and presidential candidates.
Panic as National ID data is stolen.
“…#AgeLimit amendment was illegally enacted and it’s null and void”.
Esther Nankya Bagoole, a mother of four boys, is living in fear.
Uganda gets new wonder AIDS drug.
We have a report in Saturday Vision.
He said on Tuesday that the ambulances were secured with support from the African Development Bank.
Kampala City Traders Association (KACITA) announced a three-day closure of shops until government prevails over commercial banks to lower the interest rates.
#Parentingtip: Reward your kids with things they get to do instead of things they get to have.
2 percent at the end of 2016, according to revised figures released Monday, meaning it remained in recession for the eighth straight year-.
"We want to reassure the public that business on the Ugandan side is normal; despite the disruption in travel on the Rwandan side," says Police.
Fortebet in collaboration with Bukedde TV, hosts the popular Firimbi sports show in various Fortebet branches across the country every Thursday.
During the month of May, the Swedish Embassy organised a photo competition purposed to showcase positive male role models in Uganda that contribute to equal opportunities in society.
No alcohol, no hugs, no cheers and no autographs: Tokyo Olympic organisers unveiled tough new rules for spectators at the pandemic Games on Wednesday, as they marked one month until the opening ceremony.
Harry Dunn, 19, died in August 2019 when his motorbike collided with a car driving on the wrong side of the road near a US airbase in southern England |.
Germany has suspended aid to Uganda in protest over corruption, making it the latest European country to halt payments in the wake of a scandal involving the theft of donors' funds.
Big Brother Africa Hotshots evictees Frankie, booted out alongside Namibia’s Permithias on Sunday , urges everyone to support Uganda’s Ellah to win the jackpot $300,000 (sh800m.
Ugandan businessman has narrated his ordeal after he was arrested by Rwanda security.
Not doing them if you live together can create tension, and always doing them can create unfair expectations.
The state has to prove that all .
She is still watching how the son was spoiling the UPC built by his father.
Grab your copy of the SUNDAY VISION #EPAPER here- https://vpg.
The Police have sent a reminder to all private motorists to start planning their journeys back home, to beat curfew hours, and not to get caught on the wrong side of the lockdown.
Students' enrolment shoots up by 2.
You'Re right New Vision!
South south cooperation &intraAfrica cooperation, is the way to go.
It affects younger age groups as a result of early sexual activity, multiple sexual partners, and exposure to other sexually transmitted infections such as HIV.
Wamma cow farmer, do not mind the Doctors, am one of your biggest customers.
Police has warned bar owners and goers that bars are still under lockdown.
HEs Kiir and Machar robbed a smile from the beauty!
I am going to write to the President and.
However even if they touched on it.
Ironically, it comes at the backdrop of spiraling unemployment, inadequate public staffing and mass job hunt in the country.
Can the hosts hang on?
That could easily be misspelled.
What do you think about the mask that's been introduced by bar owners to enable their patrons stay safe from Covid-19?
South Sudanese Government has pledged to conduct security patrols along the border with Uganda amidst the increasing state of insecurity in the area.
With 12 clubs participating in the league the four forces club; Prisons, UPDF, Police and Uganda Wildlife Authority (UWA) nearly swept the prize table clean.
Olimi says it was until a friend introduced her to chia seeds that she lost weight.
One step to development stability and peace,.
The micro savings and loans product, soon to be offered by the Commercial Bank of Africa (CBA), will also add to the banking statistics at least 8 million potential new bank accounts, from existing mobile phone subscribers.
A Police officer who was arrested on Thursday over allegedly hiring out a gun to robbers has died.
I am at school, Uganda Martyrs’ Namugongo in S3.
But the new vision should have a sense of nationalism even when the man is using the police to undress people you can't spare a headline condeming the act you still do what you do best campaign for him using headlines showing only him thought the month.
Former Medical Union president Dr. Apollo Nyangasi has been sentenced to life imprisonment after finding him guilty of killing his wife Christine Dhambio.
There are chances that the juice you enjoy drinking may be adulterated.
We have the details in today's New Vision.
Photo of the Day: Gathering at waterhole, #Kenya.
The Swedish international has established himself as a regular under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer over the past 10 months after a difficult first season following a £31 million ($39 million) move from Benfica in 2017.
Uganda has plans to eradicate malaria by 2030 but without adequate funding, that goal will not be achieved.
We have more important things to be doing.
Between 1999 and 2000, Katumba was a student at the US Army War College based in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, where he pursued a war college course, the highest military course in the world, according to UPDF, spokesperson Lt.
“I had travelled to pick our children who were studying in St. Andrews Turi in Kenya when he called me.
Museveni regime has always targeted rich people out of western Uganda, first they accuse you of supporting terror activities against the Uganda then grab your property and imprison with charges of treason.
Today is the International Human Rights Day!
Buganda road Chief Magistrate Olive Kazaarwe Mukwaya sentenced Rosemary Namubiru to three years to Luzira prison.
This follows heavy downpour in Kamuli district that left residents with tears after it carried off roof tops in addition to destroying millions worth of property.
The National Social Security Fund (NSSF) Deputy Managing Director Geraldine Ssali has taken the firm and the board chairman Patrick Byabakama Kaberenge to court after the board decided she forcefully takes her accumulated annual leave as it carries out investigations into her conduct.
A heavy hailstorm has destroyed over 50 homesteads, three churches and crop gardens worth millions of shilling, Kiryanga sub county in Kagadi district.
With his son, where us he going to sleep?
newvision@gmail.com AND details of race, kilometre by kilometre.
Bake in the preheated oven until the tops are lightly golden, 15 to 20 minutes.
He used to think ugandans are their properties where they can use any decision they have made!
Joseph Nsubuga, Richard Kassaga, Muwanga Bernard, Kezironi Kizito, Joseph Ochaya, Faruku Miya (Capt), Erisa Sekisambu, Ivan Ntege, Isaac Muleme, Timothy Awany.
If you can't think of what to get someone for Christmas?
🗞️ Details in today's edition 👉🏽 https://t.
"The EU has complained for two years that Ugandan exporters were supplying poor quality agriculture produce.
as for those saying IHK is a death trap or that its used to kill pregnant women,death happens evrywhere in every hospital and untill u have proof that neglect was done or enough within there means was not done for these women,lets not be reckless in our talks.
The international community is seeking to impose sanctions on the world’s newest country because of renewed violence and failure to implement power-sharing agreements.
Fifa facts: Uganda Cranes ranked 90th in world, 22nd in Africa.
We a proud of u!
, Let them remain here Don't dare talk about them.
Will E-passports reduce on fraud?
The New Vision is with Muhsin Cesur and 4 others.
We apologise for every convenience caused to your viewing experience.
New Vision to run profiles of best workers.
A group of about 30 people who were displaced by mudslides are now living at Semuliki Secondary School in Bundibugyo have stormed the RDC’s office in Bundibugyo.
The most appropriate answer he can give is: "Coming to preach to the masses".
The New Vision is with Isaiah Tuhame and 7 others.
It will save our tyme wasted in queques at the banks.
Kick-Boxer Titus Tugume is plotting to silence his motor-mouthed opponent Moses Golola once and for all.
The New Vision is with Tusiime Frank.
Burundi Police tear gas truck crash onto a wall while speeding to quell anti 3rd term protests rocking the Capital Bujumbura.
A female Thomson's gazelle runs through shallow water at Lake Nakuru, Kenya.
please, be serious, this is not the UK or USA.
Tragedy befell the family of the state minister for water, Ronald Kibuule, yesterday when his two-and-half year- old twins drowned in a swimming pool.
Why has DPP dropped Bishop Kibuuka charges?
The New Vision added 77 new photos.
Bank of Uganda (BOU) has pledged to pay city businessman, Sudhir Ruparelia the costs he has incurred in defending sh397b case.
TELL EVERYBODY, NO SHAME!
The Police have bust a racket that kidnaps young boys, drugs & rob them of their most valued body parts — the testicle.
No military burial planned for Maj.
The New Vision is with Umar Mulinde and 4 others.
His campaign insisted that debate host Fox News crossed a line with a sarcastic statement mocking him and continued to criticize moderator Megyn Kelly.
Vincent Byamukama has vowed to become the first Ugandan to make the cut at the Barclays Kenya Open that tees off on March 17-20 at the Karen Golf Club in Nairobi.
For tourist vehicles to be allowed to operate, they must be approved by the works and transport ministry, and attached to a licensed tourism company, the Uganda Tourism Board (UTB) has clarified.
Katongole; Chairman of Quality Chemicals speaking at Pakasa Forum at Kampala Parents now.
Google laid out a plan Wednesday to make tapping into news on mobile devices faster, keeping eyeballs on stories and people visiting websites.
Ateam physiotherapist Michael Aleku has passed Dorcus Inzikuru and Moses Kipsiro “fit to win medals” at the London 2012 Olympics.
"Obviously, he is going to be managing us next year and we are planning and making many decisions for the long term," Gazidis said, according to The Telegraph.
The Congolese army clashed with rebel fighters near the eastern city of Goma for a second day on Tuesday, threatening an uneasy six-month peace in the region ahead of a scheduled visit by U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon this week.
Dear God, thank You for Your grace that is able to recognize this new day, September 12, as a new chance to walk closer with You.
Shame On Nantumbwe Ruth, Woman To Be A Hero?
These guys will kill Namboze 4 no reason.
This is the third strike in Lango region after Aduku SS and Lango College.
#2021Recap: Kabaka Ronald Muwenda Mutebi II safely returned to the country after undergoing treatment in Germany, Prime Minister Charles Peter Mayiga informed the media bit.
Pope Francis admonished Mexico's political and religious leaders to take on drug violence on Saturday, calling for "true justice" and "prophetic courage" against the scourge afflicting the country.
Follow our live stream here http://see.
Nothing is legal in uganda;;; even being a ugandan may be illegal.
Hope he was putting on shoes this time.
The pilot, operating the chopper from a trawler off the Marshall Islands, came across the boats by chance last week, leading to the rescue of three fishermen and a teenage boy, the Marshall Islands Journal reported.
Find the details in the Sunday Vision-https://vpg.
He was received at Entebbe international Airport by Foreign affairs minister Henry Okello Oryem and Uganda’s High Commissioner to Sri-Lanka Nimisha J. Madhvani at about 1:00 pm.
Electoral commission, uganda police, updf, SFC, judiciary.
The World Health Organisation (WHO), in partnership with the Ministry of Health, has constructed six incinerators in hospitals.
Jorge Mario Bergoglio of Argentina has been elected in a surprise choice to be the new leader of the Roman Catholic Church.
Just IN: #UPDF Spokesman Ankunda @defenceuganda confirms that #Ongwen to be flown directly to the Hague and is not coming to #uganda as State foreign minister Okello Oryem had indicated this morning.
The New Vision is with Musinguzi Deus and 11 others.
The Directorate of Industrial Training (DIT) under the education ministry has decried limited funding which they say affects service delivery.
Schools need chalk and food (lunch).
Kizza Besigye of the FDC came in second with 3,270,290 (35.
Rest in jail Bassajja .
It is very important to set time for de youngs.
Coz you're in high demand of money.
With THE HIGHLIGHTED BENEFITS AND DANGERS ON EARLY ONLINE ACTIVITY AND DETAILED STATED REASONS, WHAT AGE DO YOU THINK IS APPROPRIATE FOR A CHILD TO HAVE THEIR FIRST PHONE?
This message goes far beyond the clothes you wear every day.
The New Vision is with Mwomba Rashid Juma.
Museveni has intervened in the fracas in the city arcades.
The New Vision is with James Aluma.
That'S the bible pliz not my words only that it needs Gods wisdom to capture the revelation of that mystery.
The fight day was agreed upon by the promoter and the local kickboxing federation together with the two fighters who have been daring each other for a while.
The President joined Rwanda's Paul Kagame and Joseph Kabila of the DRC.
100 YEAR FORECAST: It's Uganda.
Kasango was supposed to be buried tomorrow in Fort Portal at Gweri village, but the burial has been postponed until families agree on where to rest him.
So become crimnal,go to ICC and enjoy lavish life which never enjoyed before.
Here is what the EPL table reflects.
New look is better only that the Red colors make it look like the Daily Monitor.
If many of us get vaccinated, we can bring business back to Uganda.
A court in Tanzania has sentenced four people to death for the murder of an albino woman who was killed so her hacked-off limbs could be used in magic, officials said Friday.
However, ever since we tied the knot three years ago, the most my husband contributes is sh100,000 per month, which can hardly take care of the needs at home.
Our anthem is always attacked by these people.
The new tools come in a growing challenge to YouTube, which would be sidestepped as viewers flit between videos at Facebook.
Go in peace commando well done job.
A lot of water has gone below the bridge over previous months.
Rugunda said this was unacceptable.
The Red Eagles have launched a massive recruitment drive for new players.
"Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal; nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude".
President Yoweri Museveni has re-appointed Col.
But in these countries there is no problem.
The Africa Golf Team Championship, that tees off today at Limuru Golf and Country Club in Nairobi, has attracted 15 countries; the biggest event in terms of participation ever hosted by the AGC.
but just by intent, he fell a victim.
I think she must be talking about another Uganda all together!
Should authorities consider limiting the entry of vehicles into the city to minimise traffic?
Kalidubi, a stream along Kampala-Busabala has burst its banks, leaving several homes inaccessible, following the morning downpour.
Kyambogo University lectures have resumed their strike after council revoked its decision to send the Vice Chancellor Prof.
Sex doesn't keep a man, if you like, turn 360% on bed, he will still dump you.
The Next Fixtures for the three title contenders.
Letesenbet Gidey of Ethiopia runs a superb race to win the junior women's 6km race.
Brigadier Henry Tumukunde will have to wait a little while again before he can know if he has a case to answer or not.
Museveni BLASTS WIFE BATTERERS.
Haruna Muwanga, a first-year diploma student at the faculty of arts and social sciences, says pipes in the toilets leak, so the floor is always wet and the toilet bowls are broken.
He may feel the Music.
Instead of lobbying for more fund's and improving their living conditions, you are doing the unthinkable, hilarious !
on infants and toddlers.
Can success be succeded?
The mafiaz of Kayunga must be behind all this snario and trying to turnish her name but stand warned!
Karuma delay could disrupt other projects.
"There is no way the NRM can fail to defeat corruption," says President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni.
Today, this self-made businessman employs 20 people.
Although I might make suggestions I will never tell you that you need to do or change because your life is yours to experience how you see fit and I respect that.
We need more musisi's to put this country right.
"The people who gave me the information on the Nigerian's arrest are bound to say the truth, and nothing but the truth," he said.
Through the use of drama and role play, the participants were trained on socio-cultural factors and gender issues that prevent communities, especially women and.
The Police in Bukomansimbi district are hunting for a primary school teacher who allegedly forced her pupils to drink urine after they requested for permission to go for a short call.
Zimbabwe'S government has rejected a proposal by mobile phone firms to ban Over The Top (OTT) services such as WhatsApp and Skype, a minister is quoted in the Herald Newspaper as saying.
The New Vision is with Stephen Gasmus.
Why is New Vision misleading the country?
Find the districts with high crime rates and why; only in the New Vision.
Cheer LEADER: Loma Kizito ‘Pepe Kalemba MargieWe go We go!
At least two people are confirmed to have contracted the marburg virus since it was first reported in the Kabale district this month.
About 100 people were slaughtered last week in the east of the Democratic Republic of Congo, the latest massacres to shake the restive region, regional deputies told AFP on Monday.
Be ready for another drought period.
Three people are confirmed dead and dozens others injured in a nasty accident involving a passenger bus and a ministry of health Nissan pick-up along Mbarara-Masaka highway in Kiruhura district.
Ibrahim Abiriga and his body guard Lt.
Sorry to the family of late singer Angume.
Uganda'S Olympic schedule MONDAY 30TH: Badminton - Edwin Okiring at 10.
YOU WILL NEVER CONQUER EXTREMISM MILITARILY !
i rarely visit government facilities coz i never find there drugs.
The center was officially opened by the Archbishop of Kampala Archdiocese, Dr Cyprian Kizito Lwanga today.
Make more than enough money from our wealthy sugar mummies and daddies we have here on our database but you must be very good on bed.
• Mass at Nyamitanga led bt the Archbishop at 12.
Double Olympic champion Usain Bolt has confirmed he will run in the London Anniversary Games 200m on 22 July.
More updates on the 'Bride and Groom Ug" page.
On his Instagram page, along with the message ‘Me and my trainer.
The Ambassador of China to Uganda, Zhang Lizhong has termed allegations that China is destined to takeover Uganda's Entebbe International Airport as malicious aimed at destroying international relations.
Rome bursts into celebrations!
He went after students after uni.
The ball is rolling on the Pride Park Stadium turf.
An unknown number of people are reportedly injured after a Teso coach bus that was heading to Soroti from Kampala Thursday morning crashed into Nakaloke Bridge in Mbale.
Us the sons of Uganda can do more than that, the government should take lead in assisting people such as these.
<P><Em>Lizhong’S most recent posting was in the Republic of Maldives.
Kaweesi suspects lose millions.
Oh I thank God I have no religion.
"Facilitation of witnesses is critical for effective prosecution and would result into saving vital resources which would otherwise be paid as damages in suits against government," Butera said.
The clock is ticking!
It'S really un becoming manners to treat afellow human being like that.
Help your child brush up on their Chemistry knowledge today.
Juba - The head of South Sudan's only private television station said he was threatened at gunpoint by a national security agent who was attempting to censor its news programmes.
Over 100 jobs inside the New Vision.
The president promised the rest of us, apart from candidates, to go back next year Jan.
The cross country seminar is on Saturday morning at Hotel Africana.
"The academic credentials of South African Airways acting chief executive Nico Bezuidenhout is accurate, contrary to media reports," says Mango Airlines.
The New Vision added 70 new photos.
However, he is the only man who has ever proposed marriage to me.
But the guy was also shot to death.
“We want legal provisions stipulating timeframe for candidate withdrawal from an election race be instituted to deter any potential last minute withdrawals,” the report, issued by CCEDU’s coordinator Crispy Kaheru, recommended.
So do the people who take alcohol having a higher chance of not getting infected wz the virus?
#Breaking: US soldier Bowe Bergdahl released by #Taliban in exchange for 5 Guantanamo detainees, after being held captive in #Afghanistan for 5 years.
Subscribe to our #EPAPER; https://epapers.
He said that he is planning to devote all his political energies and attention to the central project of effecting democratic change in the country and pursue his passions away from over-charged partisan politics.
as someone who has been robbed by boda boda ridders twice in the last 5years i say they shouldnt just arrest those protesting the registration, they should kill them.
Er conbe beten by pakeyearw just ln 3rounds with k0 .
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work.
' - Life Link Hospital attendant explains.
The 14th CII-EXIM Bank Conclave on India-Africa project partnerships has started with more than 31 ministers from 21 African countries and business delegates from 37 countries in attendance.
This Christmas, don’t join the queue, the feeder roads can save you from long hours in a city traffic jam.
She disclosed that during a meeting of African curriculum directors in Adis Ababa, Ethiopa, they resolved to address the gaps in education -- see more at: https://goo.
He however, didnt go beyond S4 for lack of school fees.
Prime Minister Boris Johnson hailed a political "earthquake" after securing a sweeping election win, which clears the way for Britain to finally leave the European Union next month after years of political deadlock.
Solomy BOSSA ELECTED ICC JUDGE.
Muslims and non-Muslims cheered and sang together outside a New Zealand court as the white supremacist who unleashed carnage at two mosques was jailed for life, with one survivor saying he will be able to sleep at night again.
Sudanese gunmen have looted a World Food Programme warehouse containing some 1,900 tonnes of food aid in Darfur amid a surge of violence in the troubled western region, officials said Wednesday.
Some women give back the gifts as a sign of putting the relationship behind them, others regard it as sheer immaturity on the part of such men, how do you deal with this?
Compare our generation where we were bitten if we did a wrong thing and the current generation where human rights wants to take over parental rights and tell the difference.
8b) for women's #football.
😅 Referee Artur Manuel Soares Dias brings action to a pause for the teams to go and replenish their energy tanks.
Goalkeeper Denis Onyango saves penalty.
More pictures from this afternoon's the State of the Nation Address.
Trending: President Museveni says it is important in the modern era for the army to have a specialized institute.
What are the highlights?
It is a matter of choice, if not interested stay where you are.
💉💊 IS CANCER THE NEW FACE OF HIV/AIDS?
We should learn to trust our spouses,” he said http://see.
Upon registration at the entrance, believers sanitised their hands before entering church.
Angola 1- 0 Uganda Cranes.
Into THE FINAL: Benja Kiplagat's time of 8:18.
The United States Friday pressed South Sudan's warring leaders to set a date for face-to-face talks, urging the UN Security Council to consider sanctions to stop attacks on civilians.
Now again its too early to open,declare a dead year.
But today, the 39-year-old economics graduate is one of Bunyoro’s sub region’s most enterprising entrepreneurs.
The visitors are leading 2-1.
Breaking NEWS: "I only have 24 hours left to live," Japanese hostage Kenji Goto Jogo says in new ISIS tape.
Lira CLASHES: INJURED AIRLIFTED TO KAMPALA.
The Cao should account.
I deal in kid's watches and wld like to get stall.
The New Vision is with Victor Ranga Hector.
Asks Museveni to stand again in 2016.
13-Year-Old girl elopes with security guard.
Uganda wishes to refute allegations that it closed its border with Rwanda, writes Uganda's foreign affairs minister Sam Kutesa in a letter.
5 trillion), with potential to grow further?
So often, we get so caught up at jobs we stay at just to pay the bills, or because we feel certain pressures to follow a certain path, that we lose sight of what we really want to do and what we’re really good at.
Enjoy a 4-part series on where we came from and where we are going with coffee in New Vision from Thursday December 9 to Sunday December 12, 2021.
Rship virtues) and NRM nominates him as their best for the MP seat.
What do you think was going through this Briton's mind?
The Democratic Party (DP) faction dubbed ‘Bad DP’ has warned that they are to sue Police chief Gen.
Five teachers 'Making a difference' winners to visit Ireland for study tour.
Etop Newspaper Super Striker joining the English premiership?
Athletics Events London 2012 Olympics.
I do not know what type of equipment you have in Uganda, but I tell you, this guy is breath taking to watch and can be on top of the World and dominate it for years,” Bradshaw stated.
Scores feared dead/missing in Kasese district after River lhubiriha burst it's banks, causing heavy flooding.
According to experts, formal education contributes 20% to your success.
Children playing in a dirty pool that is used as a cattle dip in Bwaise, Kampala.
The qn is; Who is behind this technology support to the rebels!
How Cricket Captured attention of Ugandans.
howdo i cut my spending?
Photos: UCU defeated St. Lawrence University 2-1 to win the 2019 University Football League title.
China announced the end of its hugely controversial one-child policy on Thursday, with the official Xinhua news agency saying that all couples would be allowed two children.
plus here at home they are always in groups playing.
Daniel Omara a.k.a Odoch was seduced by the allure of fame.
this has been seen in infringe on the legitimate rights of citizen, i mean freedom of association and assembly, peaceful demonstration name it.
That means one dollars costs up to 3655 and 10,000 costs 36,550,000shs hahahaha and you come out that it is stronger.
Rwenzururu will remain our beloved kingdom ed who ever doesn't believe in it pliz leave it for us the bakonzo.
He asked them to be even more committed to their ministry as they enter into a new century.
The New Vision is with Charity Havens.
Increased population numbers mean more market for your produce and, therefore, better returns.
Your children will probably not remember anything that you say to them, but they will recall the family rituals like bedtimes and game night that you do together.
Self centered guyz watching other meagering in poverty wont do much!
Make your way to Kampala parents now.
He was trailed and shot dead as he entered his mother’s home in Seeta.
Kiprotich facebook account floods with messages.
Then: Kabaka Mutebi with President Yoweri Museveni in Lake Mburo National Park in 1994.
Shifa Aliya, 34, is confined to her house after a boda-boda accident left her legs shattered.
The former administration officer at NALI, Maj.
As you all know, Monday, 5th October, was the national teacher's day.
Former First Son; Engena, 49, joins 19 other aspirants who have shown interest to take power from President Museveni.
This Practice Is Very Come.
The Katikiro of Buganda, Charles Peter Mayiga toured Lubaga division on Tuesday, July,8,2014.
Smith later pleaded guilty and was fined 25 shillings.
Bigya kugwa naye mwetaga okwenenya olwabantu affira mukavuyo ako lwakyi uganda twalemera mubuvuyo atenga tukyimanyi nti olusi butwalira mu nalumanya ne sakumanya banange kati abanababagenzi babonabona lwabintu byakavuyo ebitaliko mutwe na magulu mukama tasa ensi yaffe uganda.
Which part of Uganda?
Find out what the bill entails, in the New Vision.
Get details of how he was tracked in your The Sunday Vision.
#Gospel Live: The Lord is close to those who call on him.
In this position, he made great contribution to constitutionalism in Uganda and he is credited for single-handedly drafting the 1966 Pigeon Hole Constitution.
Zimbabwe'S main opposition party denounced party to celebrate President Robert Mugabe's 91st birthday as "obscene" at a time when the economy is on a downturn.
His co-accused have been acquitted.
He was married and I had a boyfriend.
"This is the first time anyone has studied a king [or] noble in Britain to look for ancient intestinal parasites," Piers Mitchell, a paleoparasitologist and orthopedic surgeon at the University of Cambridge, wrote.
Think about your children and the image they have of you when they hear what you say or do.
Mandela, who was elected South Africa's first black president after spending nearly three decades in prison, had been receiving treatment for a lung infection at his Johannesburg home since September, after three months in hospital in a critical state.
Guys its a mafioso, wake up and smell the coffee!
Players attributed the marginal loss to a surge in demand for hard currency from corporate and interbank.
Excellence in all things.
Find out his tricks in Sunday Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Stop thinking, start living.
Look u a bickering over Owino, pakayadi, usafi, nakasero (this one in the city centre is worse than Owino.
Cook until brown on both sides.
We met stakeholders a few weeks ago about changes in the regulation of telecom companies,” Mutabazi said.
Someone tell that pot-bellied pastor that it is possible to have six-pack abs and still be a billionaire.
Authorities were called to the heart-pounding scene in Sanlitun in #Beijing on Wednesday after a woman climbed to the top of a billboard and appeared to be prepared to jump, according to ZUMA Press, an independent photo agency that released the dramatic images.
Ladies, would you shave if you had beards?
Confronted with the reality of having to swallow the drugs for the rest of her life, she took a radical decision to exercise more, eat healthy and dump the drugs.
"The global life expectancy has increased from 64 years in 1990 to 70 years in 2011.
One person died on the spot and two others got severe injuries in a fatal accident that occurred in Matugga, along Gulu highway yesterday.
Do you agree with Secretary Kerry that Congress WILL authorize use of force in #Syria?
Hundreds of mourners held prayers and viewed the body of the late Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) Chairman Sam Kalega Njuba.
SCVU beat Kenya's AFC Leopards 2-1 in the final of the regional soccer tournament reserved for Cup winners in the Cecafa region.
After a successful tour of duty, the #UgandaVolleyballCranes return home this morning after beating Rwanda 3-1 to secure the 5th slot in the Africa Ranking.
However, some churches haven’t yet resumed holding prayers physically as some continue to operate online.
it's good to enhance it but remember what comes first spiritual development, mental development and then lastly comes the physical.
📹 Francesco Rocca, the head of the International Federation of the Red Cross, says "it is vital to identify new solutions to find an end to the pandemic".
A child fetches unsafe water for domestic use from a contaminated trench in Namuwongo, a Kampala suburb.
The New Vision is with Businge Faridah.
Parliament rejects three ministers-https://vpg.
Let's not allow that to happen Africa for African.
Full story in the Sunday Vision 👉 #EPAPER: http://is.
Bless our leaders and the work of our hands today.
By Tuesday, industry regulator Uganda Communications Commission (UCC) met telecom operators to discuss the post May 31, 2013 deadline process.
Find out what Uganda has done, only in the New Vision.
What'S your take on this Government move"?
By responding quickly and generously to distress calls, we have triumphed.
About 300,000 public servants on the Government payroll have not been paid last month’s salary.
He played a pivotal role in the Cuban Revolution of 1956-59 and encouraged Fidel Castro to pursue his communist, anti-American agenda.
Yess this young man has been there for me.
25 Likewise, the good works of some are clearly evident, and those that are otherwise cannot be hidden.
Dr. Ben Mbonye, the Chief Executive Officer Nakasero Hospital has said that NRM national treasurer, Rose Namayanja, is out of danger.
Archbishop of Kampala Archdiocese, Dr Cyprian Kizito Lwanga has launched Uganda Martyrs Campaign which will be moving in all parishes in Kampala Archdiocese.
He needs salvation of his soul.
Thomas Tuchel admitted Chelsea's coronavirus outbreak had taken a toll on his Premier League title chasers as Everton snatched a dramatic 1-1 draw on Thursday.
Look out for them in New Vision today.
While everybody was excited about the wonder HIV drug, Dolutegravir (DTG), indications from the public are that it is not all rosy.
Ex-Minister Mbayo’s sh3b UPPC cash case file sent to DPP.
Uganda has resolved to pull out of all regional efforts, including peace keeping missions in Somalia, Central African Republic and DR Congo, over a leaked UN report, which accuses Uganda of supporting Congolese M23 rebels.
Photos by Richard Sanya.
Is it possible for one to ask for change of country?
One of the 24,000 Pink #Condoms donated to Uganda's #MPs today by Government.
The man managed to grab the distraught woman as she hung over the fourth floor balcony in Changjiang, southern China's Hainan Island.
Get the free issue in today's copy of the New Vision.
And this time we want you to help pick them.
President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni says he meets the Opposition and they discuss.
Now that u understand your feelings better just learn yo deal with them and ask God to help u rake away the pain.
He will now compete in the Africa Kickboxing Cup in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia on October 18.
The Police has run out of breathalysers used to crack down on drunk-drivers leading to them suspending the operation.
The New Vision is with Akampurira Jasper.
ug or send a direct message to any of our social media platforms.
If you have half your population with nothing to lose, then maybe it is time to hand over power to those who can enable them develop something to lose.
Police have confirmed that 6 people were killed in a fire that gutted a mattress factory, Crest Foam located in Ntinda a Kampala suburb.
Do you know who they are?
Grab your copy now- https://vpg.
World'S number one tennis player Novak Djokovic has tested positive for coronavirus.
Where there is disobedience of lawful orders teargas is a must.
A message to boda boda riders.
Read the full story here.
The new expressway will operate as a toll road, meaning that it will attract a nominal fee in order for motorists to use it and enable the investor recover the costs.
The New Vision is with Shafiq Hassan Alele.
Believe u me am expert in IT /computer/ and I have made many investments for this country,using the usual ideas although I have traveled widely.
MPs were meeting in Tobruk in the east because of violence in the capital Tripoli and the second city Benghazi, and 111 out of 124 voted for the call.
How does a mere parish priest end up building a sh25b business empire with schools, farms, a road construction firm and real estate?
Brazil beat Croatia 3-1 in #WorldCup opener #Bra #Cor.
Tune into all Vision Group platforms for a live broadcast of the address.
Is it a sign that the world is coming to an end when it starts raining fish.
Etime at church a wiseman said.
Its a win win situation for both sides.
Did anyone notice she contradicted her statement?
We are living in a period of emergency ,can’t we just love this country and save it all that money for around six months u till maybe all is running well.
We can't fully trust d sincerity ov ha apology.
This was on the closing day of the 29th annual UNAA Convention.
The chairman of Najjeera ‘A’ Bulabira in Kira Municipality, Wakiso district, where outgoing works Minister, Gen.
How do rate her performance?
Kisembo survive Kalema's beating in a bloody battle.
The health ministry, scientists, and doctors are holding discussions over policy on how COVID-19 asymptomatic cases can be managed from home instead of at health facilities.
Were you at Kololo Aistrip on the day Uganda attained independence on October 9, 1962?
Let'S show him some love ❤️, leave a congratulatory message for him!
But I Think It Should Not All Be Pumped Into Turning To Stone Because Some Is Reqired For The Health Of Crops Which We Eat.
When in reality the office of the president has borrowed US$4.
Kagere'S grandmother; Hajat Safina Nanziri said Kagere is mentally sick.
The New Vision is with Wasswa Arafat and 3 others.
They are endemic to the Southeast Asian island of Borneo which resides between Indonesia, Malaysia, and the Philippines.
Thank you for bringing me so much joy.
Who do you think will win the League?
"We cannot rely on one salary, it is not enough.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
"The new species is amazing, because the fairly small female prowls through the underbrush searching for prey, while the male flies appear to live higher in the vegetation," stated Riley Tedrow, a Case Western Reserve University evolutionary biology student who led the research.
Upcountry roads are slippery.
The New Vision is with Liz Eliz Akky and 5 others.
Career tip: Is this an opportunity to share a win?
In all that, we tend to pay little attention to our spending habits.
Where are you watching from?
The city of Beira in central Mozambique bore Cyclone Idai's full wrath on Thursday before the storm barrelled on to neighbouring Zimbabwe, unleashing fierce winds.
Aga Khan University hold its Eleventh graduation ceremony on Saturday ,Feb,8,2014 at Serena Conference Hall.
How Parliament turned into a battlefield.
Victory for defending champions Bayern tonight will lift them 10 points clear of second-placed Borussia Dortmund, who will have played one game less.
Kale Kayihura and Commissioner General of Prisons, Dr. Johnson Byabashaija.
Britain's Zharnel Hughes, fifth in last year's World Championship 200m, also runs in the event, which serves as the London leg of the Diamond League.
The only best drug for poverty he can bring to Uganda is his retirement since he's the major cause of this poverty.
🇺🇬 #Uganda has been endorsed to chair the Non-Aligned Movement, which is the second largest political gathering of nations after the UN General Assembly.
5 per cent more than those who are less sexually active.
The former Inspector General of Police, Gen.
148b, on top of sh8.
However, not many Ugandans grow it, in spite of its high demand and ready market.
Kanyamunyus refuse to give blood samples to Court.
Mark the words "in sequence".
Why today Geneva has called a meeting?
Since it’s every girl’s dream to go abroad, when they see these guys they start laying traps to get them but instead end up crying after being fooled and played.
Bastian Schweinsteiger is the first man in the book for a cynical challenge in midfield.
The results saw Arizona award all its 58 Republican delegates to Trump in a winner-takes-all contest, and the majority of its 75 Democratic delegates to Clinton.
Enjoy festive season discounts today.
maama yebale kulumwa wamu nabo.
Late Sunday night — Father's Day — she shared the below image of Kanye West reading to North alongside a rather revealing message: "Precious moments like this when we were traveling on tour with you are what I live for.
Those "guys" are even eaten in Pakwach.
Now the Zambians have rejected three star Hotel Sojovalo in Kampala that they were to to stay in.
The deceased are CPL Alfred Oketch and PC Moses Kigongo attached to Busunju Police Station in Mityana district.
Thy share the same rwandan dad.
President MUSEVENI: We have now shut the university.
Nobody should be allowed to separate children out for favors, to see their nakedness or to touch their private areas.
You should watch how much time your child is spending online and, before you rush into blocking their account or laying ground rules, just talk to them about how often they are on social media.
Get details only in New Vision.
& Besides What Do We Gain From Solange Batering Jay'Z That's Shiit To Me .
What is your say on the UPC proposal?
Brohi did just that, becoming a vocal advocate against honor killings, working to empower Pakistani women and to redefine the tribal definition of honor.
Around 2007, a strange disease; Nodding syndrome hit Northern Uganda.
The 20 females and 1 male were trained in fashion design, tailoring, makeup and computer science at North wing foundation in Wandegeya.
Grab yourself a copy of Saturday Vision for details #EPAPER - https://vpg.
77 trillion per annum.
MUSEVENI HAS RECENTLY BOUGHT A HOUSE FOR HER IN PRETORIA WHERE SHE IS GOING TO RELOCATE FROM AUSTRALIA WHERE SHE HAS BEEN HAVING STUDIES.
its these businesses in luxury just.
” I just held my bag and got ready.
Gate keepers at Soroti flying school were thi smorning overwhelmed by large numbers of people who thronged their premises demanding free flights after Etop Radio carried a news item about the Civil Aviation Authority offering the flight.
Saturday's success has given Ugandan fans more reason to want more than the regional title.
You see what is happening Ugandans!
I think men of today have not been taught to handle emancipated women.
Whats wrong with this Picture?
Does that man have intelligent relatives who can advice him before going public and How Did the land issues pop in without his consent, He should have declared only two acres of land instead of all Those acres .
“We all come from one settlement (Nakivaale refugee settlement) but the problem is that we no longer get enough food as compared to the families we have,” one of the refugees says.
They should because of their numbers.
Flatten or butterfly the sausages to reduce cooking time.
The packages which include; rice, soda, chicken, sugar, and bread, have been handed over to the journalists by Bbosa Gonzaga.
Muasa appeals to MPs over suspension.
Stella do u have ajob,and u also contribute for family up keep from ur salary?
😌 The memes poke fun at celebrities by sending them back in time to heap irritating real and imagined history onto their heads.
Get yourself a copy off your nearest outlet or Get E-Copy HERE http://j.
It'S only God who knows exactly what happened.
In my entire village I was the first person to go to secondary school .
Instagram on Tuesday defended itself against a report that the social network harms the mental health of young girls, saying it plans to play down posts promoting myths about beautiful bodies.
I SECOND THAT IDEA.
Abamu balina obulemu kubwongo, Kati mwagala bakoleki okubakakasa?
Five years ago, youthful Cowel Kyeswa was a notorious street gangster.
Of coming up with stupid laws.
President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni has arrived in Kakumiro, to commission a coffee factory in Kikwaya trading center.
Saturday Vision is out.
Long before Mutekanga made it to the finals at the 2012 London Olympics, the 800m middle-distance runner ran his heart out on the grass fields of Fort Portal.
Mosques across the country were Tuesday morning filled with worshipers for prayers.
Eales had a 20-year career at CNN and was the driving force behind the development and growth of the African Journalist Awards that started in 1995.
According to Uganda Voucher Plus Activity Chief of party, Christine Namayanja, the project has trained health care providers in 55 health facilities in 28 districts.
She has contradicted herself,so how many months are we left with to March 2022?
#Fact: Baby elephants throw themselves into the mud when they get upset.
Gregory Mugisha Muntu has conceded defeat in the FDC elections, clearing the way for Dr. Kizza Besigye to become the flag bearer for next year's presidential elections.
President Yoweri Museveni ordered the removal of the entire police team at Namayingo police station after everyone ran into hiding when he made an impromptu visit on February 7.
Minister David Muhoozi apologizes to Parliament over the manner in which legislators Ssewanyana and Ssegirinya were re-arrested.
This our brotherhood in Islam.
we can only tourch where we cn reach but however u can't challenge nature.
Surprisingly, you could hardly notice he was a killer.
Katongole was accompanied by his children and grandchildren at the function.
We have a variety of news items for you to pick from today.
#London2012 British Prime Minister Cameron live on BBC now.
-dnt we all knw?
Quran 2:153; Oh you who believe!
This is a season to give and to receive.
These are jst useless drug adicts/ school dropouts being brainwashed by Abiriga.
For a digital copy, go to;.
See full history of Uganda.
"Soon after the announcement of the referendum results, I was made aware of a certain preference by some Eurogroup participants, and assorted 'partners', for my 'absence' from its meetings," Varoufakis, who had often clashed with creditors in negotiations over the past months, said on his blog after announcing the news on Twitter.
Find all U need to know about building ur dream house.
The New Vision is with Deen Isma'il.
M7'S grandchildren will inherit only hate.
The New Vision is with Dawson Bin Walusiimbi and 3 others.
By keeping an open line of communication, you’ll have a better relationship with your child and your child will come to you when there’s a problem.
Democratic Party presidential candidate Nobert Mao has promised to review the Pay As You Earn (PAYE) tax to exclude those who earn less than sh400,000 per month.
The International Criminal Court (ICC) has confirmed 70 charges against Dominic Ongwen, a senior commander of the Lord's Resistance Army (LRA) rebel group.
The fire that gutted the ivory tower can also help sanitise our Society.
"The smaller, stabilizer muscles you use with dumbbells fatigue before your larger muscle groups.
The party is set for February 28 at a luxurious hotel in the prime resort town of Victoria Falls, with ordinary citizens pressured into contributing to the cost.
The New Vision is with Katende Steven.
The government wants to prove or clear its name.
Chelsea won the Champions League for the second time as a Kai Havertz goal secured a tense 1-0 victory over Manchester City in Saturday's final in Porto, shattering Pep Guardiola's dream of lifting the trophy for the third time.
The Ministry of Education has warned schools against forcing parents to pay for COVID-19 testing.
Uruguay'S decision to legalise the production, sale and consumption of marijuana violates international law, the UN drugs watchdog says.
"The man became unresponsive and was subsequently pronounced dead".
The Uganda People’s Defence Forces (UPDF) has been carrying out various civil military activities which include fumigation, medical services, construct of latrines and also repair schools to mark the Tarehe Sita week.
How did she get this money and why did she choose to give it to animals?
If born in water the young hippo has to swim to the surface usually helped by the mother to take its first breath.
Get your copy now.
But are all ugandans going to be scientists!
Details in the Saturday Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
When her husband died in 2002, Jover Byaruhanga thought her life and dreams had come to an end.
Yahaya Lukwago, 42, who was released from jail in June after serving 14 years, says he was beaten to near death and witnessed prison warders torture two inmates to death.
2Moros fate is only known by GOD.
If you have any info about them or their whereabouts, call the authorities.
"To fall in love with yourself is the first secret to happiness".
"He didn't put up any conditions for pulling out because he agreed that all their grievances will be resolved in the ICGLR (Great Lakes) mechanism as stipulated in the declarations of the Saturday summit (in Kampala)," he said.
The New Vision is with Isaax Stuart and 7 others.
Let us donate more.
Spread over bottom of baked pie shell.
"One thing I want Ugandans to note is that this is not my first office.
And the dead child?
This WHO has bkam an alarmist.
Seven arrested over UK attack.
Arabia now against Moscow and Syria.
Exclusive PHOTOS: Sejusa as he arrives in Kampala city.
How come Uganda has dropped in global rankings of child development?
To the real heroes of 2020 who continue to stand strong at the front-lines and risking their lives to save others.
When samples from the carcass were tested at the analytical laboratory in Wandegeya, Kampala, the results were worrying - the lioness, which died at Buffalo oil well, had lethal amounts of phenol.
Uganda’S Stacey ‘Queen’ Aamito won the second to last challenge in the Africa’s Next Top Model TV reality show, and is headed to New York where the winner will be unveiled this Sunday.
The New Vision is with Abdul Hammed.
Gilbert Bukenya, has said he cannot rule out working with President Yoweri Museveni again.
Did someone forget to say boil the water first?
Even our local investors are concentrating in one or two areas .
Surround us now with Your grace and peace as we fight this pandemic coronavirus.
Dr. Stella Nyanzi guilty of cyber harassment but acquitted on offensive communication.
The MPs on the presidential affairs committee are calling for a reduction on the number of presidential advisers #rastoon #ras Whats your say?
Jones tells the filmmaker that the group undertook nefarious HIV research in the 1980s and 1990s as part of a white supremacist plot to devastate black communities with the virus 👉.
Me and this guy I've worked with for 2 years started sleeping together about 10 months ago now, we both just got out of relationships so we agreed we didn't want anything serious just to have fun.
#Fact: Pineapples were such a status symbol in 18th century England that you could rent one for the evening to take to a party.
Michael Asaba, Lucky’s young brother said his brother, died last night at the heart institute, Mulago Hospital.
Two people have died from gunshot wounds and one woman was injured in a Sunday morning clash between Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) officials and Luzira residents during a botched eviction exercise http://see.
Iam with the Pope on this.
Sunday Vision will mid this month; host a cooking competition as part of Father’s Day celebrations.
“Sometimes you fail to get where to squat,” he says.
The Justice ministry is being quizzed over sh4 trillion arrears for court awards.
#Nigeria'S interior minister: It's absurd for a 'terrorist' organisation to give conditions under which they can release the girls.
The theme of this year's World AIDS Day is "Communities make the difference".
What they ate shld be enough and they shd go luk after their grandchildren otherthan headech us.
Let the law takes its course.
Claudius Ssegonja, Fr Ceaser Matovu, Fr Edward Kabanda the shrine rector of Queen of Mary Shrine Kiwamirembe-Kajjansi, Chairman of the shrine Kasozi Mulindwa, George Musinguzi, and Juliet Lukwago a New Vision journalist.
#Migereko seeks more support to eradicate #jiggers.
Harsh, bitter and angry criticism is not a crime.
God bless you jaja.
Can someone explain to us what is happening?
Justice Vincent Zehurikize convicted the 47-year-old man after he pleaded guilty to the offence.
Witnesses said plain clothes men who identified themselves as security personnel took Lusse away, reportedly for questioning.
Disruptions to health services due to the pandemic are putting millions of additional lives at risk worldwide, the UN said, warning that Covid-19 could reverse decades of progress in reducing child mortality.
Season best for Kusuro of 13:59.
Uganda'S President Yoweri Museveni is in the Tanzanian capital Dar-es-Salaam for the four-day 2013 SMART Partnership Dialogue.
Find the latest from the trial of former LRA commander Dominic Ongwen in today's paper-https://vpg.
God help us and our people to see how false prophets look like.
Find out what is required to apply in the New Vision 👉#EPAPER: https://is.
“We shall use our experience in the implementation of the first NDP, learn on our proven strengths and move ahead full steam in the implementation of the second NDP, “he said.
Fraud creeps into university admissions.
The president noted that President Museveni, Kikwete, Kagame, Salva Kiir, Nkurunziza called daily to encourage Kenya.
Death toll rises to 6 as Al Shabaab claims responsibility over the Garissa university attack.
The Inspector General of Police (IGP), Gen.
Romelu Lukaku came on to score his first Premier League goal since September to keep Chelsea in the title race as the European champions came from behind to beat Aston Villa 3-1.
We speak to The Most Reverend Dr. Stephen Kaziimba who advises on a number of issues.
Kawuma was shot dead during the election violence in Arua municipality last year.
To read more about this story, do get a copy of the New Vision at https://vpg.
I come before you, oh Lord, and drink in this moment of peace that I may carry your hope, love, and joy today in my heart.
He listed close associates such as Nubian Lee, Dan Magic, and journalist Ashraf Kasirye who he said have been injured by the Police, with him escaping narrowly.
Was repeatedly raped by Ilyas Ashar at his home in Cromwell Road, Salford.
The African National Congress (ANC) held an unbeatable lead with 57.
Several schools, including Union Vision Mission Christian Secondary School in Kumi, showed their commitment to the #Schools- NotStreets campaign by joining the Journey of Hope walkers for short distances.
This was because we were not equipped for anti-riots.
He commended Muslims in Uganda for choosing unity and development, but noted that total unity is not possible even in a single family.
The visitors have drawn first blood through Jamil Kalisa's calm finish a few minutes ago.
Find out how to keep healthy by getting yourself a 'FREE' copy of the Health & Beauty pullout in the New Vision -https://vpg.
And then the story is on Facebook which is purportedly closed!
As I step into 2022, may you go ahead of me.
How much is the Government giving out this time 💰💸💸💷💶💶💶 if I know the killer?
Details in the New Vision, December 7.
More than 6,000 flights have been cancelled worldwide over the long Christmas weekend and thousands more were delayed, a tracking website reported Sunday.
The Custodian board and the Police have been named in the Asian property deals.
Rift Valley Railways (RVR), the company that got the 25-year concession to manage the railway network in the country is set to rehabilitate and upgrade of the main railway’s goods shed in Kampala.
"The fire was put out by airport emergency services and there were no injuries to the 222 passengers and 19 crew on board.
The New Vision is with Makolo Kavuma Defiance Man and Musa Majoba.
The lady who nominated besigye is called nakslema nulu a market vendor in kasubi.
“Nothing is as important as passion.
While you may think it demonstrates your interest in the conversation, all of these activities actually disrupt your ability to listen and the other person’s ability to be heard.
What do you think of this law?
This serial robber’s proverbial 40 days came to an end and he has probably earned what he deserves.
They shd bring that money.
He said on Monday that the joint forces of Uganda and DR Congo completely secured the ADF main camp of Kambi ya Yua early on December 24, 2021.
No, she will not CONFORM TO POPULAR BELIEFS AND SHE IS CONSCIOUS, SO when you don't do things to the liking of the what's being called the "dominant" race, then you are outcast!
Set the shrimp aside, and pour in the wine, cream, tomatoes, basil, and cayenne pepper.
Khalid Kabayoit, the bodyguard to Gen, Katumba Wamala recounts the attack from assailants against his boss that left two people dead.
The search, sanctioned through a court order, is intended to retrieve a letter allegedly written by Gen.
The greatest compliment you can give a partner (especially a long-term partner) is reminding them that not only do you love them, but also like them.
She made a stopover at Entebbe Airport from Kenya in 1952 with the Duke of Edinburgh on their way to Britain for the burial of her father and her eventual accession as Queen of England.
This is in addition to the fluid we get from the food we eat.
Quickly, I fasten my non-existent seatbelt, anxious to imbibe the cultural dosage I have come to this melting pot of culture for.
State House would like to inform the people of Uganda that it is not true that there has been a Cabinet Reshuffle.
Simply download the Vision Group #Epaper app via Google Play Store here 👉.
Out Local Content Policy has got a lot of issues that need to be worked on if we are to make progress as local suppliers.
President Uhuru Kenyatta, Raila Odinga and Musalia Mudavadi to visit Aga Khan and MP Shah Hospitals and address a press conference at Nairobi State House at 3 pm.
Hmm wama gwe owa boda wu knocked that so called trafic, mbu police.
Billy L. Spears, was in uniform working at the South by Southwest music and technology festival in Austin last month when Snoop asked Spears to pose for a picture with him, according to a letter from Spears’ attorney to the department.
Planning is the issue here.
The state of Uganda’s 29 embassies in different capitals is an embarrassment to the nation, the Auditor General has revealed.
When Uganda's planners talk about creating an economic stimulus, often the hardest hit sector - film, theatre and festivals - is also the most overlooked.
Even if you don’t agree that your action was wrong, you will never successfully argue a feeling.
Dear Lord, I pray that you give me the strength to be strong for you in the world today.
Anti de main aim iz to reliberate our country.
“We can confirm that we have received a visa application for President Omar al-Bashir of Sudan to attend events related to the opening of the UN General Assembly at the end of September," the statement said.
Here they found burnt out blunts of weed and food that had been left unfinished following the previous night's pandemonium.
The slayers know this very well.
Bobi Kyagulanyi, and other MPs.
Jorge Morales and Dario Rodriguez were part of a group of five recreational divers enjoying themselves off the Colombian island of Malpelo last Wednesday when a current swept them out into the open Pacific.
Dr. Byabashaija said all prisons officers and warders are to undergo compulsory HIV testing.
She is believed to have been discovered after her snowy grave thawed out during the spring and her remains washed up on a river bank.
Niringiye has been part of TDA from its inception to the time it has been selecting a joint Presidential candidate.
Local musician Madinah Nambooze Kansime aka Hajati Madinah of the “Bibuuza” hit fame is paralysed.
Mps are collecting signatures for a censure motion against the Minister for Presidency, Kabakumba Masiko over recovery of a public broadcast transmitter at her radio station.
That is to say, she is incubating an egg once again!
As police tries to unravel what so far seems like a mystery behind the death of singer Emmanuel Mayanja, detectives visited the scene Tuesday to piece things together.
Indeed, now is the time to ‘prepare for oil’ and put in place a set of policy actions and institutitions to maximise benefits and mitigate risks.
The New Vision added 68 new photos.
The New Vision is with Robert Savimbi.
Get a free copy in New Vision for details #EPAPER-https://epaper.
🎄🎅🏽 Merry #Christmas everyone!
The New Vision is with Sinah Macosa Smith.
The New Vision is with Imodo Francis and 2 others.
Lawrence Serugo, 27, is lying unconscious at Mulago Hospital after his throat was slit by a 20-year-old friend for allegedly failing to pay back a sh2,000 debt.
Uganda'S longest serving medical doctor, Dr. Mukhtar Ahmad has passed on http://see.
Darren Rahn also shared his story which was emotional.
Kenya will not go back on its plans to close the Dadaab refugee camp, Kenya’s president Uhuru Kenyatta has told US President Barack Obama, according to a statement from Kenya’s State House.
The Kabaka of Buganda, Ronald Muwenda Mutebi, has said the kingdom is ready for dialogue with the Central Government in its quest for federalism and the return of all its properties.
The New Vision is with Zenji Simon Enebu and 5 others.
Isabirye'S close associates have revealed that he is preparing for an introduction scheduled for February 14, 2015 (Valentine’s Day) in Seeta, Mukono.
The plane carrying 143 people including crew from Guantanamo Bay in Cuba ended in shallow water next to the air station in Jacksonville, with all passengers safely evacuated, naval authorities said.
A 26-year-old Uganda People’s Defence (UPDF) soldier has been convicted after he pleaded guilty to charges of failure to protect war materials.
I used to think it was a rumor.
Reap big in which way?
#Fact: Iran is the only country in the world where it is legal to sell your kidneys — the government regulates the market.
#Photo: Burundi protesters with stones playing 'hide and seek' with Police?
Want A PROMOTION AT WORK?
SHOULD I TELL HIM I WON’T WAIT?
We bring you updates on the FDC presidential campaigns in New Vision #EPAPER - https://vpg.
The New Vision is with Sanya Bashir.
This man came as a thunder just 4rm nowhere but my qn is whr does he get those sums ov money he splashes as if he plucks them on trees.
Polling officials in different parts of the country have accused the Electoral Commission (EC) of failing to pay their allowances on a daily basis as earlier promised.
Drama ensued at Kabale chief magistrates’ court as a suspect identified as Moses Baraza a former security guard with SWAT a private security company tried to escape.
Find these and more stories in Today's Sunday Vision.
However, I have never introduced this man to any of my family members except my friend.
Meanwhile, #Russia appears to be, reportedly, preparing a grab for parts of Ukraine.
The New Vision added 22 new photos — in Jinja, Uganda.
The annual tourism exhibition is set to showcase some of the best of Uganda’s tourism products and services by domestic businesses -- see more at: https://goo.
If she were a munyankole almost everyone would claim it's tribalistic appointment!
In the BEAT : FACES BEHIND HYMNS OF THE UGANDA MATYRS .
Medi Kawuma has continued to support the sport in the country by sponsoring the third edition of the Kawuma Open Chess Championship.
"We did mention that as a progressive government, which promotes access to technology, we were averse to the idea of stifling these technologies or banning them," Information Communication Technology Minister Supa Mandiwanzira said, the Herald reports.
Should the graduated tax be reintroduced in #Uganda?
So, how did he register them?
Making money at the cost of society needs a heavy deterence penality.
Job VACANCY: For hotel job related, interested applicants with a valid passport should contact our whatsapp attendant directly: +32 460 219 766.
To get the full story, buy a copy of the New Vision at https://vpg.
In an interview with New Vision, Alupo said she would release the results at 10:00 am local time (EAT) at the Office of the Prime Minister (OPM) in Kampala.
The Nobel Prize Committee has awarded the Nobel Prize for Peace to the National Dialogue Quartet ".
#Wanted: Men in this photo are wanted by Police for allegedly being part of a gang of 5 that raped a 23-year-old woman.
He also is the propreitor of Mr. Tasty, one of the most successfu local fast food chains in this country.
You are a faithful God and you never forget promises.
Entebbe Botanical Gardens is home to over 400 plant species, ranging from little known indigenous fruits and medicinal plants, to a wide range of ornamentals.
The Chairperson University Council Rona Magara had said Prof.
And I don't see why some lecturers were suspended over sexual scandals.
Uganda 1 Zambia 0 (agg 1-1).
Buganda Kingdom has petitioned Parliament to intervene in the matter of the outstanding arrears accruing from various properties occupied by the Government reportedly amounting to sh200b.
“Corruption in Uganda is becoming serious.
When Nambajjwe came to her senses, she was in Jinja Hospital.
The alternatives of saving 'Kajjansi lake' don't look good.
The following games are starting in a moment in the Premier League.
Gun violence in Uganda is alarming!
The army court has directed the lawyers of Boda Boda 2010 Association patron Abdallah Kittata to file a written defence in which they say their client has no case to answer.
Microsoft makes the worst operating systems!
For a Digital copy click;.
#Nationalgeographic Photo: What could they been up to?
Me share this tweak with you guys.
Ex MINISTER KIPOI ARRESTED .
' The documentary about Gladys Kalibbala who writes a weekly column 'Lost Children' in the Saturday Vision newspaper has been showing since Friday and ends today.
“Because of the name Yoweri Museveni, many parents think they should not contribute towards the running of the school.
We are yet to confirm that,” the Resident District Commissioner (RDC), Geoffrey Mucunguzi, told New Vision on phone Saturday.
🎄🎅🏽 It is #ChristmasEve!
By Henry MukasaAT LEAST 20 UPDF soldiers deployed to retrieve the bodies of people buried by the landslide in Bududa have fallen sick.
The call was made by commissioner of legal services and board affairs at Uganda Revenue Authority (URA), Patience Tumusiime.
Russia has found the main flight recorder from a military plane that crashed into the Black Sea killing all 92 on board, the Defence Ministry said on Tuesday, amid unconfirmed reports that authorities had grounded all aircraft of the same type.
Josephine Kizza, a Grade 3 teacher in Masaka, started out with two piglets given to her as a gift from her father-in-law.
Given the size of the task seemingly facing Liverpool, it was no surprise to hear Jurgen Klopp had warned his wife not to expect a celebration when he returned home from Anfield.
They also accuse the management of charging them sh90, 000 library fees yet there are no books in the library.
Benja'S personal coach was very worried last night, correctly saying his athlete was in a very strong men's steeplechase heat.
In case of anything you do not understand consult us and we see how to handle it".
The New Vision is with Wamala Mike Nick.
8-10 Dec 2021, Imperial Resort Beach Hotel & online.
Eunice’s parents never liked me, which explains why she walked out of our marriage.
Oumar Maiga, a night-shift driver from Philadelphia, was so stunned he waited a month for the credit card transaction to clear, convinced the mystery benefactor might claim a mix-up.
Fernando is allowed just enough room to nod in from a corner.
You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake.
The Church is not a thing we are to do, but something we are by vocation -- see more at: https://goo.
The earthquake and tsunami caused damage to reactors in the Fukushima nuclear plant creating a radiation leak and forcing locals to evacuate, as well as worldwide anxiety over possible meltdown.
The Military say they are entering probably the most delicate part of the operation and are doing their best to rescue the remaining people under hostage.
And now you coming to accusing Rwandans right?
Members of the Public Accounts Committee have left parliament to meet President Yoweri Museveni over billions of shillings that were spent to compensate seven companies whose contracts were terminated under unclear circumstances.
The challenge is they represent the poor, I don't see what they're tossing to?
“I have not been paid teaching allowance for Semester One, yet we are now deep into Semester Two,” a lecturer in the science department said.
Minister Matia Kasaija presented sh26.
The Post Ebola Surveillance countdown period is a prerequisite of the World Health Organization (WHO) criteria which requires any affected country to monitor the Ebola situation for a period of 42 days after the last discharged patient case before finally declaring that the outbreak is over.
That dude is crappy, I hear he cures AIDS.
If they refuse, then we shall move to court," said Kasaija.
Cameroon levels up with Brazil.
The New Vision is with Rudatsindwa K Niyonshuti James.
We have been married for 10 years now, with three children.
How can we have a FAKE Govt and fail to have FAKE goods?
#Teamghana praying before leaving for their game against #TeamUSA starting in the next 15 minutes.
The New Vision is with Paul Pathowas and Taban James.
Us, EU, Religious leaders, human rights groups condemn arrest of opposition leaders.
As such, the club found it necessary to retain the retired Ugandan star as a youth football development coach.
Through his lawyer Nsubuga Mubiru, Kalungi revealed to court that unknown persons crashed a bottle and mixed it with his honey in the prison cubicle.
At first she said that all the 8 were not intercepted at the airport because Dubai was not listed among the most affected countries but after some one said something to her, she changed to say 6 were intercepted and 2 got from their self quarantine.
The anti-corruption Court Tuesday granted bail to former MTN business manager accused of stealing sh3.
Grab a copy for more in the New Vision-https://vpg.
#Burundi: Renaissance TV attacked and set on fire last night.
That is how it should be,” Nasejje added.
8 meters they cannot even pave, to prevent the roads getting washed away by rain and cars.
Vision Group will this week launch a new exciting series that seeks to highlight the experiences of Ugandans during the eight-year period under Former President Idi Amin ruled Uganda.
Long live the king.
This is why I left America.
Omicron, first detected by South Africa and reported to the WHO on November 24, has a large number of mutations, setting alarm bells ringing since its discovery.
This is how we feel after beating Daily Monitor in a friendly match at Villa Park in Nsambya.
Kabushenga and ur paper no longer have sense, we are so ashamed of this paper as acountry , let m invite Frank Gashumba to work on u with Tamale.
The Catholics of Africa have yet to receive a visit from you.
Thats why you press call me for interviews, " said UNEB chairman; Fagil Mandy when asked for comment regarding the IGG report that recommended his removal.
Munange Kiira, we all wonder and ask when?
I did and look how well it worked out for me”.
cards r ready at District NRM offices for delegates.
When people put you up, expect the same people to bring you down one day when they are done with you.
Government is in the last stages of preparing an HIV/AIDS bill for Parliament to debate.
The Police have confirmed they have rescued 18 people who were trapped when a boat was swept away on River Ssezibwa due the rising waters levels after the rains of Sunday.
Iso man charged over investor murder.
Oleandrin is "akin to digoxin.
Fights and attacks are a tip of an iceberg.
the list never stops, and neither does the pure evil.
결국 세상이 잘 안돌아가는 것은 백성들에게 있는게 아니라 세계의 모든 지도자에게 그 책임이 있다는 것에서 크게 각성해야 할 것이다.
Polish your dance moves and win.
The Electoral Commission boss, Dr. Badru Kiggundu and his staff have asked for a pay rise.
After a two-year lull, the Uganda Tennis Open is back.
Hope we don't finally find ourselves accepting defeat?
Euro 2016: The Albania Vs Switzerland game has kicked off.
The novelist Jackie Collins has died of breast cancer at the age of 77, her family said in a statement.
Present were François Mwamba representing the DR Congo government as well as René Abandi representing the M23.
But who does your headlines.
No salary of 3 millions in Dubai and Quatar.
Stir together the cream cheese, sour cream, and mayonnaise until smooth.
The mother of four cannot recall how many times she was battered and abused sexually by the father of her children.
They should have known the importance of trade between our country and theirs.
It is alleged that Bingi, while at Mukono Health Center IV, asked for sh90,000 from Nakamya to take her to his clinic and help her to deliver normally.
Celebrations are taking place scientifically in Fort Portal.
He should rot in hell like any other human being killing.
The SSV-201 intelligence ship Priazovye, accompanied by the two landing ships Minsk and Novocherkassk passed through the Bosphorus known as the Istanbul strait that separates Asia from Europe, an AFP photographer reported.
Details in the New Vision #EPAPER: http://is.
Following the ejection of army representative Gen.
Effectiveness of the prayers of Prophet TB Joshua and his visit to South Sudan of recent.
Photos: President Yoweri #Museveni walks 7km with NRM Legislators, crosses river Mayanja on canoe .
Rest in peace Afande.
I thought that z a legal place 4 using weed.
Do share with us the name of the place and a photograph of the place.
Find over 50 job offers in the New Vision #EPAPER- https://vpg.
You New vision people,dont just talk from your offices,go to the ground where the eviction is said to be, and see how many villages,pple, and how developed the place is.
Should the number of ministries and ministers be increased?
Is FUFA fleecing loyal spectators?
This is because of the mistakes they did while in charge.
Today in history: September 05, 1997- Nobel Peace Prize laureate Mother Teresa died at the age of 87, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) announced that Mother Teresa had suffered a heart attack.
Why is that when the president is going to address the nation you bring your statistics of covid-19?
Councilors are threatening to impeach Lord Mayor Lukwago if he does not convene authority meetings.
About 50 people are feared dead after an artisanal gold mine flooded in the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo after torrential rain.
After he struggled and made it off the streets, he has made it his life’s mission to empower youth in ghettos around Kampala with skills and employment to turn their lives around.
He has questioned why he can only get regulations guiding the process after he has paid a non-refundable fee of sh20m.
Could Uganda have performed better than that at IAAF?
Book with as low as 5m Ugx.
Nigerian Actor; Desmond Elliot has won a seat in the Lagos state House of Assembly.
Pension: Govt to take over thieves asserts.
Fancy doing things more digitally?
Cut the chicken into 1/2-inch pieces and stir into mayonnaise mixture.
Poverty, alcohol and substance abuse are increasingly driving families to break apart in Uganda, the state minister for gender and culture affairs, Peace Regis Mutuuzo has warned.
Check out & like Pakasa Vision for more.
This world is not ours naye nolaba nrm nga etugumbula banauganda , taking our lands on gun point , torturing innocent Ugandans cos they don't believe in them .
Microsoft reported a modest rise in profits Thursday in the past quarter, beating most analyst forecasts, saying its new focus on cloud-based software is delivering results.
The new law will allow registered Uruguayans over 18 to buy up to 40g (1.
Negatively will take u no where.
Tuli ne bannaffe Abakulisitaayo e Namukozi .
Steven Sserwadda is the scorer just before the break.
Confirmed: #Nigeria delays presidential vote by six weeks over security fears.
In that moment, you’d probably insist they say “sorry,” but what do you do to make them feel empathetic?
Michelle has just tweeted this : Hey Barack, I'll always be your valentine!
In an exclusive interview with New Vision, Haji Nasser Ntege Sebaggala says he will stand for presidency come 2016.
With eight minutes left on the referee's watch, Leipzig are still holding on to their fragile lead.
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta had been briefed on the brutal murders of eight people, including police, during the attack in Wajir county, a presidential spokesperson.
Proposal by the National Council for Higher Education to scrap university scholarships opposed.
Mps please advocate for anti corruption gloves rather than rooti for condoms!
The Supreme Court has halted the implementation of a Constitutional Court decision that allowed lawyers to participate in small claims proceedings.
The West Nile region NRM entrepreneurship league chairperson, Misaeli Aliociri, has requested the party chairman, President Yoweri Museveni, to support them with a sh5b boost to their SACCOS.
Change your behaviour and this world will not be the same again!
The New Vision is with Twekambe Mulox Berunga and 14 others.
Hosts, France take on Romania.
I asked her about their relationship and she got angry, so I let it go.
If I sat on a bench, the others left.
Can the hosts hold on?
For the past years corruption has been in d OPM how come the WB and the mentioned countries not been suspending d aid?
He was scheduled to hold a rally at the Makerere University Grounds at 2:00pm.
Are you banking on Roberto Firmino to produce some Brazilian magic and score?
The Life of Uganda's first billionaire, Nasser Ntege Sebaggala.
A 36-year-old man has run amok and hacked three infants to death in Fort Portal, Kabarole district.
He contested in the National Resistance Movement (NRM) primaries, but lost and gracefully bowed out in favour for the official flag bearer, whom he supported and also campaigned for.
But the suspected assassin didn't have a gun, he only had a national identity card.
Get yourself a copy 👉 #EPAPER:.
Read full story in New Vision- https://vpg.
After news emerged of the death of Democratic Party (DP) secretary general Mathias Nsubuga, the public took to social media to pay tribute to the former Bukoto South MP.
Their bodies were found in a back bathroom.
I knew it dat he was going to win.
The fighter in Gen.
A quick chat and a two-minute drive is all it took for an American cab driver to be tipped nearly $1,000 (about 2.
A total of 310,530 candidates are sitting for Uganda Certificate of Examinations (UCE) at 3,329 centres.
The tractors were procured out of State House budget.
President Uhuru Kenyatta issues directive to government officials; "Explain the over Sh300b missing money in seven days".
Here is the tip 👉http://bit.
Defending champions MTN Heathens have a record 10 league titles but are not about to allow their ‘young brothers’ Toyota-Marsh Buffaloes have sight of their first title in the Nile Special Rugby Super Cup final today.
Photos by Lillian Babirye.
The New Vision is with Simon Omeon.
So they will suffer and badly!
However, behind this façade lies a dirty secret; there are empty bottles and glasses littered on the gre.
Us biotech firm Moderna has said it was seeking conditional approval for use of its Covid-19 vaccine on teens in the European Union and Canada, in a boost for inoculation campaigns as the summer begins.
He assured us that his young children are our responsibility claiming that he had spent a lot of money on us and our mother.
What rocked in 2016.
Either the God in the bible or whatever u call god, but don't mix them together because Jesus clearly said, the holy spirit can not be placed with devils, and the zeal of his father ate him up as it does eat me when I see this.
The sheikh said 2 men dressed in police uniform shot at him.
The message for sops isn't of God.
"Fourteen died and 141 are in various hospitals," he said.
Participants attending the public hearing on Kingfisher oil development projects are being screened for Ebola before accessing the venue at Rwemisanga Primary School in Kyangwaali sub-county in Kikuube district.
Works and Transport minister, John Byabagambi, has written to the ministries of labour and internal affairs calling for a meeting to discuss complaints of poor pay of Ugandans by Chinese companies in the country.
We dont want old photos.
Olympic 3000m steeplechase champion Conseslus Kipruto and world and Commonwealth 1500m gold medallist Timothy Cheruiyot are out of Olympic contention for Kenya after coming up short in the trials on Saturday.
The couple was driving in their Honda, when the car veered off the road at Wabigalo in Nakasongola district.
The New Vision is with Akatukunda Edtor.
The city centre for once was traffic jam-free.
World Bank is happy with Uganda.
Little wonder it's so sought after - and the source of occasional squabbles.
Nigeria have been banned twice for government interference in the NFF and Fifa warned another incident would result in a ban until May 2015.
However, part of the 120-year-old gardens has been leased out to an investor to construct a sewage management plant.
The aftermath of such acts affects everyone, including the proprietors of those fake nursing schools.
In today's New Vision, find out which MP is being accused of trying to bribe City mayor.
10am on Saturday morning.
My husband is so flirtatious.
Museveni praises efforts of ‘fishermen’.
He cannot breathe on his own.
Today, he is the sole proprietor of Godfrey Foundation Schools, three big primary schools in Kampala.
Kampala Central MP Muhammed Nsereko and Theodore Ssekikubo (Lwemiyaga) face more charges in the courts of law.
According to the World Bank’s classification, we are a low income nation.
The festival is in honour of Abraham willingness to sacrifice his son Ismael as an act of obedience to God, before he was asked to sacrifice a sheep.
And last, will your bud be able to keep up with you or even push your limits in key workouts?
Question, I realized he did not hate me!
Know that you'll slip 20% of the time due to holidays and work deadlines.
Importation of cars made before 2003 may be history starting next financial year.
The UPDF has a new dress code.
The New Vision is with Goldie Gold and 3 others.
Portugal, who needed a last-minute equaliser against the US to avoid being knocked out, must beat Ghana and overturn a five-goal difference on the Americans.
We will keep you posted here and on all Vision Group platforms.
Washington and Moscow have agreed a deal to eliminate Syria's chemical weapons, US Secretary of State John Kerry said on Saturday after talks with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov.
The New Vision is with Victoria Namutebi Wamala.
How do people manage crowds?
Live: Already at Nkene in Mityana, the burial grounds for the late Maj.
Patrick Luganda, the chairperson of the Network of Climate Journalists in the Greater Horn of Africa (NECJOGHA) told New Vision that the physical impact of Cyclone.
Say no to cat and dog meat".
A nation to known world wide of its poverty state!
Tear gas and rubber bullets were fired.
A four-metre-high golden statue of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was raised secretly in a Tel Aviv square in a free speech protest Tuesday, sparking political debate and online humour.
We need to change the way people are being educated.
The New Vision added 40 new photos.
As a child growing up in Kakamega Kenya, they lived 15 people in one house.
It would't be like de way it's remember da cash muhuuzi $ de rest cudeeee so all in all da same!
Byekwaso confirmed that the UPDF and FARDC had launched a joint operation against the ADF.
"Nrm has no organ known as "NRM Poor Youth Forum" to call any meeting of the party anywhere.
Army court ignores order to release Anguma .
Get the story of a Police officer who has been arrested over the murder of Felix Kaweesi in New Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
He was larger than Life and yet also down to Earth.
South Africa's economy recorded its first annual contraction in 11 years in 2020 due to the coronavirus pandemic.
But if that does not happen, those who think I will quit are mistaken”.
Who do they think they are fooling.
The Government has been warned about the rising bill of electricity produced, but not consumed now at over sh110b.
What do you rate her performance today?
Details in today’s paper- https://vpg.
To comfortably read TODAY'S paper on mobile, simply install our Android mobile App.
Front Page story on website: MUSEVENI SPEAKS OUT - See link here http://j.
Commercial banks increased interest rates on borrowing between July and October partly reflecting risk aversion due to uncertainty associated with the adverse impact of the pandemic on businesses.
The Uganda Cubs Saturday thrashed Makerere University football team 5-2 in a friendly match at Nakivubo stadium.
David Ssali Luyimbazi, said the new development will ensure transparency and timely feedback to clientele.
I don't see the point in spending so lavishly esp on kwanjula & weddings yet you live in a 10 x10 ft room for a house.
Until you reach them where you feel their ready but deny them .
Don'T confuse ugandans ,remain quiet like as you did before b'se no difference btn you and govt.
Today, at only 35 years of age, Ariyo owns that very school in addition to St. Johns High School, two projects worth over sh900m.
The New Vision is with Tolit Ahmed and 4 others.
Bravo pastor he contributed to ma upbringing as a young man.
Bayern Munich has formally bid farewell to Brazil playmaker Philippe Coutinho after his year-long loan deal from Barcelona expired.
But Zuckerberg’s reason is different.
Despite life threats stemming from a land dispute, Musobo continues representing Uganda with distinction.
Replace the lid, and let stand for 15 minutes.
that they were not there yet !
Dear God, it’s easy for me to point my fingers at others when they forget to thank me, yet I routinely not thank You for my life.
we booked a hotel," he said, adding that it was his right to attend the U.N. assembly.
The New Vision is with Prince Kiyimba Muudu.
First on plane are Jane Suuto, Dorcus Inzikuru, Benjamin Kiplagat and Jacob Araptany.
Jacob Oulanyah, the Deputy Speaker of Parliament has asked the Ministry of Health to fix rundown mortuaries after a section of lawmakers reported dysfunctional morgues in a number of regional referral hospitals.
Somalia responds to Ugandan statement.
I just request OTT be pardoned for just now.
A 19 year old woman identified as Zaina Kagele accidently delivered a baby in a pit latrine where she had gone to ease herself shortly after developing labour pains.
Sente yo munaUganda elabye!
Ago I remember reading something about this lady in the cobbler's copy of Bukedde.
Alot of stomachache and upset even when I see them in Supermarkets here.
Oil Airport to cost sh 2.
Find out what caused their death in the New Vision.
Nobel Peace Prize winner Nelson Mandela needs no long introduction.
Be like bukedde .
Uganda 1 Zambia 0.
The rest have provisional licenses and are not authorised to offer masters and PhDs.
2005: Jakaya Mrisho Kikwete was sworn in as the fourth President of Tanzania, taking over from Benjamin Mkapa.
" Jamil is Uganda's Osama Bin Laden, this is a great achievement for the country" said Kayihura.
Bank of Uganda (BOU) has given a letter of no objection to the proposed merger of two Kenyan based lenders; Commercial Bank of Africa Limited (CBA) and the NIC Group PLC.
Uganda’S High commissioner to Burundi, Major General Matayo Kyaligonza is back in the news for allegedly assaulting a traffic policewoman in Seeta, a city suburb.
The year’s largest military drills in Russia are concluding, with nearly 100,000 servicemen preparing to return to home bases.
Among the accused also include Ivan Katongole, a Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) Urban Planner and KCCA civil engineer Richard Naika.
That doesnt make sense at all.
The only certainty about change is that it is uncertain.
The Police Athletics Club athlete, who until Friday was running as a junior, beat men's favourite Moses Kipsiro to emerge champion of the 12 kilometer race in Jinja.
If they have not petitoned her on the abduction and killings of their people,, then that's trash.
Different people have said the confusion in Arua Diocese is a mixture of politics, finance and tribal sentiments.
The much anticipated kickboxing match between two Ugandan giants Titus Tugume and Moses Golola may not take place.
After six years of white-tie dinners, hospital dramas, murder trials, suitors courting Lady Mary, suitors leaving Lady Edith, Carson’s horror at nicknames, and a dead Turk, we’ve come to the end of Downton Abbey, the TV show.
Ban Ki-moon lauds Uganda on AMISOM-https://vpg.
Life is not all about the sitting government of today or ending today as the current regime is taking the country.
She is always working and there is no time for any form of relationship stuff.
2:From which financial budget will the billions be withdrawn?
I love him with all my heart but here's the problem - I have a huge crush on his best friend who is also married.
We explore the journey of the man who brought trouble and peace in equal measure.
The same people who destroyed their structure are the very ones wondering where they'll pray from!
Kenya, Nairobi : (From L to R) Men charged in connection with the Westgate mall massacre, Mohamed Abdi Ahmed, Omar Liban Abdulle, Adan Mohamed Ibrahim, and Hussein Hassan Mustafa appear in court in Nairobi, on November 4, 2013.
For how long will people continue to die due to the shortage of drugs when National Medical Stores (NMS) is stocked with medicine?
Photos by Eddie Ssejjoba.
6 times since the low level of 1986, that 180 mgws was no longer enough.
Though Uganda Wildlife Education Centre has said the terrified residents of the villages of Lunyo East and Lunyo West in Entebbe municipality shouldnt jump to conclusions, 14 pigs in a space of one week have been found dead.
Details in today's paper.
The former Commissioner General of Uganda Revenue Authority Annebrit Aslund is dead.
A guy she smiles at before smiling at her boyfriend.
Cycling is a healthy, low-impact exercise that can be enjoyed by people of all ages, from young children to older adults.
When it became obvious that what He created was not happy, he innovated a woman.
When Somani, who had fled alongside other Asians from Idi Amin’s wrath returned to Uganda, he found that his big family fortune had been reduced to a single building.
This money is given to each team that finishes third in the group stages.
Kampala city centre has 2,489 potholes: http://cot.
Since they are many, we shall put two babies on the mother's chest, one on their father's and the two caretakers will also carry one each," adds Kabajumba.
Forum for Democratic Change leader, Col.
New Vision gives her dear MUSLIM community IDD cake.
Can he shepherd his side to victory against #Southampton?
It has attracted worldwide condemnation.
Greater Kampala residents have been left to debate whether life under crime preventers was better than life under the LDUs.
Uganda is for all of us and we need to live together in harmony and peace.
The New Vision is with Happy Kasule Festo and Pc Ema.
Forty three top officers have been reshuffled with immediate effect.
When the Police went to search his residence, in Bwebajja on Entebbe Road, he was found with various military hardware, guns and bullets as well as Military uniform.
‘Ura informed us that they did waive all tax penalties and arrears up to June 2020 for all businesses, private education institutions are part of this category’ – Janet Museveni, First Lady and Minister for Education .
Send song from germany.
Stir in the 1 teaspoon soy sauce and the hot pepper sauce.
Flavia Byekwaso, UPDF Spokesperson.
Kim Twesigye music promoter accused of illegal possession and trafficking of illicit drugs geting out of Makindye court yestrday.
Plans have been finalised to help Coffee farmers in the Rwenzori region access pre-harvest loans to curb the practice of picking unripe coffee berries.
Internal affairs minister, Jeje Odongo, has said there is nothing his ministry can do about power blackouts in Police barracks.
This comes after a horrific accident last Monday, blamed on speeding, resulted in the death of 14 people on spot and left scores injured.
Adf rebels have launched a reprisal attack on Congolese civilians following the pounding of their camps by UPDF on Tuesday.
"I know most of the Zimbabwe players.
Praise behavior that is coming closer to the desired goal.
In the temple remember.
Facebook had used an algorithm that pulled in the photos that had been liked the most, which didn’t legislate for showing painful images.
The New Vision added 54 new photos.
The one he used here shd also b auctioned.
How best can Uganda market its self?
This follows the killing of Ugandans a couple of days ago.
Share your prayers,thoughts and heart to our neighbours Burundi as we show solidarity and support in this time of need.
Your loving feelings are wide awake.
Members of Parliament who recently demanded a pay rise were indisciplined, President Museveni has said.
He who wants to kill a girl child KILLS Education.
All these are laid scripts to find way of eliminating opposition, they want to maintain their new dynasty at hand.
The New Vision is with Laguma Jaspher Charles and Will Gray.
Details in the Saturday Vision 👉#EPAPER: http://is.
Police has today blocked Lord Mayor, Erias Lukwago from addressing a crowd near an eviction site in Mengo.
Carry out a forensic audit.
Full story in the New Vision.
How has she done it?
Police spokesperson Fred Enanga says the people killed were suspected robbers.
5⃣ Days to Go!
Chase from our hearts all gloomy thoughts, and make us glad with the brightness of hope, that we may effectively aspire to promised virtues.
Ms Perna says what she referred to as the "continued onslaught of unfounded legal matters and the non-stop negativity" contributed to Brown's illness.
Indi VISION:Indian Business Forum awards innovative companies .
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has changed its COVID-19 testing guidelines, no longer recommending testing for most people without symptoms.
Did you just say he was remanded to kiggo prison till june 18th 2008?
,Students who have been reading their books and are ready for the exams.
The government is looking at the new guidelines issued by the US Centre for Disease Control which reduces the number of days persons infected with COVID-19 can stay in isolation from 10 days to five days.
If they do not know the presidential candidates, how can they make a choice"?
The study in the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) was based on the autopsies of 286 people who died at an average age of 90.
To take back the Russian occupied airstrip.
The Archbishop of Kampala, Dr Cyprian Kizito Lwanga, has refuted media reports that he asked the Government to give him sh9b.
She arrived as the Congolese army prepared a new offensive to take back a rebel base at Kibumba, some 30 kilometres (20 miles) north of Goma.
President Yoweri Museveni has commissioned Busia main market.
New York Tycoon arrested after ramblings over murder in a secret recording.
Tired of watching primates on television?
Photo: Indonesia's Mount Sinabung volcano spews pyroclastic smoke in Medan, Sumatra.
Former Prime Minister Apolo Nsibambi has been dragged to court by nephews over land.
Once you realize how valuable you are, you will find it hard to keep the company of those who do not".
My wife can really be mean and at default, it is her mean side that comes out most of the time.
Mr dajuma sijui who, how is ur comment related to the post?
Read our e-paper: https://epapers.
Dr. Yona Baguma, the deputy director general in charge of research at the National Agricultural Research Organization (NARO) requested Sarah Kataike, the state minister in charge of Luweero Triangle to tell government to increase funding to the research.
I was 9yrs when my dad sent me for an axe to cut down a certain tree but I delayed on the way n on teaching, I found dad angry with a stick almost the same size as the tree we were going to cut🤣🤣🤣 the guy told me cut down the tree now that you just wasted my time or else don't come back home for the stick n more are waiting for you.
Government is registering all Ugandans abroad for their well- being and for planning purposes, a senior foreign affairs official has said.
The National Resistance Movement (NRM) has today gone to the polls to elect party flag bearers for parliamentary, mayoral and district chairpersons for the 2016 general elections.
Can private sector turn aviation around?
Who do you think is suitable enough to be your HERO and why?
#Inthenewvision: The Ministry of Gender, Labour and Social Development will use Vision Group’s Pakasa andYiiya Sente programmes to encourage the youth to start income-generating projects.
Accordingly, he was admitted and treated for a few days.
We are blessed to host you Pope Francis.
Just a few more days until the 9th Jumia Anniversary, and these are just some of the amazing offers coming your way!
Chelsea have had a £32m bid rejected by Valencia for their Portugal international Andre Gomes, according to Sky sources.
Army court chairman, Lt.
2007 Restrictions on the traditional Latin Mass are officially removed in the Roman Catholic Church as Pope Benedict XVI's motu proprio Summorum Pontificum takes effect.
What are the achievements so far that calls for this celebrations?
The Commander of the Uganda AMISOM contingent stationed in the Somali coastal town of Marka, Col.
Shockin bt still can't be compared 2 Luwero n Kasese tregidies plus Congo lootin!
Tax Collectors Undress Town Clerk Over Salary Arrears.
As we head into the annual Harvest Money Expo on Friday this week, see the solution to this problem in New Vision (Mwalimu) tomorrow.
Mugisha MUNTU: While you may indeed not be directly involved in politics, you can create a critical mass outside that influences political direction.
The top six teachers were identified after a countrywide survey.
Fdc presidential flagbearer Patrick Oboi Amuriat helped move injured security personnel onto another vehicle after theirs overturned in a freak accident in Kyegegwa district, where he is campaigning today.
If you are younger than 50 he will ask you about your parents and just after you have told him the names he goes on to tell you more about your family.
In HOMES & CONSTRUCTION: Find out easy ways to make your outdoor fancy.
Is she supportive (not disparaging) of your goals?
Conflict has pushed refugees out of their countries into camps on the borders, which then impacts life in the host countries.
Parenting Tip:Make warm memories.
More than 80,000 Chinese were infected by the virus and about 4,700 people lost their lives.
The State House Anti-Corruption Unit (SHACU) has started consulting with senior medics as a way of finding solutions to the rising cost of COVID-19 treatment by private health facilities.
We shall work around the legal issues.
It would have been a clever option for the first lady to keep silent on such a matter.
The governor's office in Isparta, southwestern Turkey, has reportedly sent a request to all state institutions in the province instructing staff to report cases of “insulting” President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and other top officials straight to the police.
The singer is expected on an Emirates flight at 12.
The New Vision is with Ochan Jimjuuko and 2 others.
he said "Hello Magret" and that is why we all use hello when we call.
The court set May 5 for its ruling.
Parliament has resolved that the district quota system of admission to public universities be reviewed to ensure equity and fairness.
"We Shall Attack for Entire 90 minutes".
The Police report on the defilement covers Mbale, Kapchorwa, Bukwo, Kween, Bududa, Manafwa and Sironko districts.
A group of Members of Parliament across the political divide have drafted a Bill to re- introduce presidential term limits into the national constitution.
A jihadist attack in northeast Nigeria has forced many people to flee after Islamic state-affiliated insurgents overran a key army base, military sources and residents told AFP Sunday.
Children aged between 3 to 12 years flocked Kati kati grounds in Lugogo today morning for the Kampala Kids Marathon of 3km and 1.
Bana Uganda ndowoza olwalero mukitegede nti Kati amateka gakakibwa ku mundu !
[The country] is ruled by a bunch of lunatics”.
Makere Fines New Fee Fund Policy.
However, I haven’t recovered psychologically from the murder of my baby.
He said resources and manpower had been wasted, describing police investigations as poor.
Acan is among the victims of rampant thefts that are common during the festive season when people are traveling in big numbers to and from the village.
A parent who fails to take his or her child for immunisation will face a jail term of up to six months or a fine of sh220,000, if the draft Immunisation Bill, 2013 is enacted into law.
“We are also in the process of continuously keeping ourselves prepared for any terror strike”.
An initial review of the body showed no signs of violence, and Woulou had been absent from work for weeks due to complications from diabetes.
Morning downpour on Saturday.
I hope they are happy now.
Good morning dear readers.
With Chameleon’s one man one million concert drawing closer, reports suggest that the ticket fee has been reduced to sh500000 and sh200000.
Are you looking to Study and Work Abroad?
"The Russian planes were escorted by the RAF until they were out of the UK area of interest.
Her family runs a mixed farm in Sembabule District.
Shame on those corrupt African leaders who want to die in power .
If you've got someone that fits all three, make that phone call.
The ministry of Gender, Labor and Social Development has suspended 15 labor externalisation companies for allegedly flouting the recruitment and export guidelines including defrauding job seekers.
To be a good father is every men's pride and prevelage.
Islamic extremists, al Qaeda, ISIS, have long had Britain in their sights for its support of military action in Iraq, Afghanistan and Syria.
#Bgexpo2018 has gone traditional with "The Dance n' beats cultural troupe".
The surgeries were carried out by a team of Ugandan doctors and a ten-member team from Chain of Hope UK with support from Gift of Life International (GOLI).
Kcca has warned the public of impersonators who pose as KCCA staff and defraud unsuspecting victims of their money.
Even if I had won a second term, the fighting within the FDC would still be going on, says Gen.
I bought a wooden box and started selling tomatoes door to door since I'm not planning to go back to the village.
Sorryyyyyyyyy, If they killed all these elephants, they have a lot of blood on their hands and they feel they can kill more and more.
Wishing you a Happy New Year from the entire New Vision team.
Implementing a strong daily routine will help keep you on track to achieve the balance you want.
In the Saturday Vision this week meet Buganda's Prince Semakookiro, former Vice President Gilbert Bukenya goes back to the NRM, Uganda has third highest GDP of countries born in 1962 and 72 year-old-man steals sh200m from bank.
The Speaker ordered Gen.
So when she's developmentally capable of putting her toys away, clearing her plate from the table, and dressing herself, let her.
are pe'ple there very small lik ants?
Do you think this will yield the same result?
Uganda's KIPROTICH in middle of pack that is chasing race leader KIPROTICH of Kenya.
Many teenage girls in Karamoja have decided to seek refuge in Amudat district because of forced marriages.
#Juba - South Sudan's President Salva Kiir offered Wednesday to hold talks with his arch-rival he accuses of leading a coup bid that has sparked days of fierce fighting in the world's youngest nation.
The Vice President; Kiwanuka Sekandi was the chief guest at the function attended by World Bank Vice President for Africa; Makhtar Diop, Country Director Ahmadou Moustapha Ndiaye and the Finance minister; Maria Kiwanuka.
The New Vision added 57 new photos — with Ssali Geofrey and 2 others.
Because the majority comments are coming from them.
The MPs noted that they are of “strong opinion that the spirit of the clause is not to remove rights of individuals, but, rather, to protect the rights of people to life, and place an obligation on each of us to be responsible”.
Prime Minister Robinah Nabbanja says anyone who's ever received above sh500,000 through mobile money won't be considered vulnerable, therefore missing out on govt's COVID-19 relief stipend.
Besigye shd be firm.
Any one who didnt know get to know today that each road has an end.
Now MP Zaake has been arrested, charged, released & re-arrested.
Apart from Heads of State and Government leaders, the dialogue has also attracted over 800 local and international participants.
Just follow the big stomachs and you will see where funds are misused and disappear.
Dr. Fassil Hahom, Ethiopia minister and adviser to the Prime Minister, Presidents Salva Kiir (South Sudan), Paul Kagame (Rwanda) and Yoweri Museveni (Uganda) at Munyonyo during the launch of the Uganda Standard Guage Railway today.
Regards my NAija Wahala people.
Where is the problem?
am not suprise to see them forcing chroistians to turn to SATANS RELIGION ISLAM!
#Mogadishu - Somali Islamist group al Shabaab said hostages held by militants holed up in #Westgate shopping mall would be killed if force was used, according to an audio statement carried by a website linked to the group.
Kenya, have since received first aid at the airstrip.
Should I tell him straight away?
Winnie Byanyima, the wife of FDC President Kizza Besigye is among those who have been awarded the Luwero Triangle medals at the heroes day celebrations in Luwero:http://bit.
The New Vision is with Kandie Chesang.
Amen,Thank you Lord for this new day.
The 93 who are stranded on the oil fields land are those families out of 1, 221 who opted for land instead of being given money for compensation.
It should actually be working smart, and a little hard, not the reverse as.
I apologize To my cupcakes, my sweetpea, my beautiful, my angel, my Ruth, my Nsemere, my Komuntale, my bestie, my wife; it doesn't matter how mad you are you should never talk about your wife in public places or on social media or in front of people to embarrass her I have done these things out of anger and sadness of being far away from my lover.
Rukundo is very good on reception and very exceptional in attack.
We are now live!
Britain has suspended all aid to the government of Uganda over new evidence that British taxpayers' money may have been stolen, Development Secretary Justine Greening revealed.
Get tips on how to keep it safe.
The New Vision is with Gadafi Bosco and 10 others.
Hundreds of people braved sub-zero temperatures in Afghanistan's capital to queue outside the passport office early Sunday, a day after the Taliban government announced it would resume issuing travel documents.
Vision Group partners with Save the Children in News papers in Education project to produce Education Pull outs for schools in Uganda.
He revealed that sh3.
Former Kampala mayor Al Haji Nasser Ntege Sebaggala has sued telecom giant MTN Uganda Limited, claiming it has infringed on his copyright by using his speeches as ringtones without his authorization.
You were an individual before taking this position and you should prioritize those activities or hobbies that made you happy.
Email a picture of your father/Father-figure and why they are great to Sunday@newvision.
Mugisha Muntu party out.
Wandegeya market operators are worried about the rising number of traders leaving the market.
Find more on this story in today's New Vision.
“I gave him two options; to go back to Kampala or I arrest him.
Former South African president Nelson Mandela has been readmitted to hospital with a recurrent lung infection.
There are three levels to choose from – beginner, intermediate and advanced – so whether you’re looking for a fun but structured method of training or you’re keen to brush up on your boxing skills, rest assured that you’ll be challenged throughout the course.
He walked towards Susan Muhwezi and asked her to leave the chair for Jacqueline.
According to Guterres, on the evening of December 28, 2021, a World Food Programme facility was also attacked.
Ugandan UK CONVENTION 2012: First Lady and Minister in charge of Karamoja Janet Museveni shares her experience with the community in London.
Journalists have been banned from covering the court proceedings.
Stay right where you are for a while -- be grounded, and live in the moment.
U enter hospital on heart complications .
Strange vehicles parked at our homes the entire night, we are still afraid of returning to our homes".
It comes after Burkina Faso's President Blaise Compaore was forced out of office last year after protests against his attempts to remain in power.
set him free !
Kampala Resident City Commissioner, Huddu Hussein has given hawkers and street vendors up to January 10, 2022 to vacate the city or else enforcement will take action against them.
I studied hard despite those hardships, and I got a govt scholarship, to come and study in Kampala.
The New Vision is with Ananius Lutita and Bogere Robert.
God protect me frm such men.
Pope Francis has called for more solidarity with those living in poverty as he celebrated mass in Rome.
You mean there was no other venue?
The Pope is here.
6m (about sh17b) housing programme aimed at expanding microfinance services to build houses for about 6,000 disadvantaged families in Uganda.
First Lady, UK MPs discuss education.
Fire Guts Pride Micro Finance Bank Branch along Entebbe Road.
The woman who could hardly walk on her own alleges that five men, all workers of Yuasa Motors Limited, gang #raped her several times after tying her to a chair.
Do you want to purchase your third-party insurance?
but Russia has proved the Americans that all their games in gulf of Asia can be brought to an end by Moscow.
But that question should be presented to the Telecom Companies!
According to Durex’s survey , Uganda is not only among most sexually active countries in Africa but one of the most sexually satisfied in the whole world.
'Read more related stories about love,confessions and Sex in INTIMATE.
If the Kampala returning officer makes a mistake by announcing another person other than lukwago then M7 will go, it will have become too much for the people of Kampala and Uganda at large.
We gave away two dreadful goals.
Have been buying friday pepper but not this of indian they have alot of free opportunities we want hurstlers like me.
Fridays are usually jam days.
The Prime Minister Amama Mbazi represented the President as Chief guest.
Some did not like the idea that the Kabaka, sovereign of a nation that goes back more than 1000 years, would be included in what they termed a ‘popularity contest'.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Sunday that the EU cannot allow Greece, a country bailed out from its huge debt crisis, to plunge into "chaos" by shutting European borders to refugees.
"The 'ayes'have it, the Constitution Amendment bill is up for 2nd reading".
BUT in so doing,access to the child must be added to clause in agreement contract.
#Inrelationships: On and off relationships are toxic to both the relationship and personal well-being.
#Newvision: A former Kenya Cabinet minister marries third wife.
The New Vision is with Wiley Wiley and 9 others.
An Indian state wants to make it mandatory for anyone standing for public office to have a toilet at home, in order to discourage the common practice of open defecation.
Traffic and road safety act to be amended https://t.
Teso sub-region is overwhelmed by the number of cases recorded daily by both police and office of the Resident District Commissioner (RDC).
As the conference progressed, MUSEVENI told delegates: This is an election centre today, we don't need any campaigning.
Don’T miss a free copy of the Labour Day pull out in today’s New Vision.
Our country south sudan.
Only pay but also do time!
According to my info 5G is still a prototype, it's still on testing level, I don't think UG is ready bse it still has it's own issues.
The nomination of Esper, who was this week elevated to acting Pentagon chief from his post as Army Secretary, was announced hours after Trump revealed he had come.
Find out why Trump has sent a stern warning to President Kagame.
Get the details in the New Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Experts have called upon the government to invest in Sexual and Reproductive Health (SRH) services.
Eighteen people were confirmed dead and over 140 injured after a rainstorm swept through 10 villages in Buyende and Kamuli districts on Monday night.
•About 291 investors were licensed and allocated land by the Uganda Investment Authority to develop factories in the 2,200 acres park located off the Kampala-Jinja highway.
The WORLD CUP, MEN’S SILLY SEASON?
There are more artefacts in storage than on display.
Relationship Tip: Dig deep to unearth your true feelings.
This is what they mean by 'let age speak.
Why star students fail to keep top grades?
The New Vision is with Christine Grace Amoding and 7 others.
Please senstize our brothers on the Gold that lies in hospitality & wild life so as to enjoy the ripe fruits of that God given Treasure for ever&ever.
Ahaa, u pipo u don' seem to be nationalists if am to consider yo comments, at whtver cost, a nationalist remains focussed to serve 4d gd ov his nation.
Last year in November, the IGG dropped charges of abuse of office against Bukenya, while in December the Anti-Corruption Court acquitted him of fraud case, where he was jointly charged with car supplier Motorcare.
how many children have bn intentionary murdered in gaza strip.
The New Vision is with Badru Juma Rajabu.
In Cranes we Trust!
When will they and buganda, where they came from and their families, ever be recognized and compensated for their great service to their country, without which, okello or Obote or even Amin would be the current life president of Uganda?
The New Vision is with Aggrey Alarcone and Yswa Graycie Williamz Junior.
Kids learn what they live!
Follow us on Face Book: .
S grew up with ssengas,its not just sessions.
Tea farmers across the country have been asked to pick only the recommended green tea leaves so as to curb the decline of international tea prices.
The question is, Did you retire?
Statement should be find out who will eat how much.
These two parties should give up.
Prosecutors welcomed the decision.
I and boda bodas.
Let us commit to work together to stop violence against children.
Wanyama asked to leave last summer after interest from Spurs but stayed at St Mary's and helped Southampton to a sixth-placed finish.
The animal looked more like her distant elephant family relatives with wrinkled, leathery skin, as the hair which would have covered her warmly in life had eroded away, leaving just a few tufts.
The Year-in-Review Facebook post that popped up in your feed recently may have brought back good memories… or maybe it didn’t.
8bn to spend on food.
The New Vision is with Bongo Patrick.
Soroti varsity mismanaged sh1b-audit.
why waste the country's monies to salvage a private owned investment?
Like the thought had actually crossed her mind.
Kasita says she will be performing on Christmas Day in South Sudan and she has been invited for different shows throughout the festive season.
The Masaka Chief Magistrates court has granted bail to the Lwengo district woman MP elect, Cissy Namujju(NRM), who is charged with forging academic documents.
The National Social Security Fund (NSSF) Deputy Managing Director Geraldine Ssali has taken the firm and the Board Chairman Patrick Byabakama Kaberenge to court after the board decided she forcefully takes her accumulated annual leave as it carries out investigations over her conduct.
Makerere will always be the best university.
At least 16 migrant workers mostly from Kyrgyzstan died in a fire that broke out at a Moscow warehouse early Saturday, Russian authorities said.
I cannot believe what some people are suggesting.
Today'S Front page: UN WANTS UPDF FOR S. SUDAN OPERATION.
#Nrmdecides: Top names fall, Ragga Dee dances.
#Israel expels 1,000 Sudanese to Uganda and Rwanda.
The committee wound up hearing the complaints against the four MPs after they failed to respond to the final summons to appear and defend themselves.
Everything To Happen Has A Reason.
Facebook says it will create a button to make it easier for its billion-plus users to donate to organizations battling the Ebola epidemic in West Africa.
Hw have they bin in position to convince the teams in relegation zone?
The New Vision is with Kinara Bobby Michael.
Ugandan sprinters' hopes of qualifying for the London 2012 Olympic Games have been dashed by the Namboole Stadium management when they were kicked out in favour of a Christian crusade.
All religious leaders and Christians must make sure all churches have latrines so that we can improve sanitation” Esogu added.
The Chief Registrar of the Judiciary, Sarah Langa Siu, has redeployed 73 judicial officers, in a move explained as a routine reshuffle.
President Yoweri Museveni on Al -Jazeera English, Sunday 29th September 2013 at 3:30 PM Eastern African Time/ 1930 GMT.
Some sections of the Namugongo-Seeta road will be closed to traffic & diverted this weekend | Details here 👉 .
Saudi Arabia has eliminated gender-segregated entrances for eateries.
Professor Mary Okwakol, Vice Chancellor of Busitema University, has been appointed #UNEB Interim Chairperson.
The regime needs to listen more.
They don't have coumadin or what?
I'd been the bread winner for the 2 years until he got work in August last year however I still pay all the bills we go halves on the rent and he gets the shopping weekly all be it the minimum.
There will be herd immunity within 3 months.
Uwera, a business woman, is a resident of Bugolobi, a Kampala suburb.
I thank God 4 being on his side.
The school should create a safe learning environment for students.
Gunshots rocked Arua town Sunday afternoon while security agencies battled to stall what seemed to be an escape attempt (prison break) by the inmates at Arua central prison.
What lessons do we pick from this man’s generosity?
Atum Carlos ter amin wa Judith Akello mumot doo.
Many also exhibited flawed understanding of the national anthem and were unable to interpret the meanings of certain phases in the national anthem of Uganda.
Hundreds lining up to enter a 80,000 seater stadium for Nelson Mandela Memorial service.
Don'T miss your free copy of 'HER VISION' in the New Vision tomorrow.
- High Court judges reshuffled #EPAPER: is.
'The Ministry has got credible information that the way secondary school teachers were being transferred had many gaps.
You will be energetic, solid, resistant, spirited, trustworthy, hardy and resolute.
Addressing the press on Thursday at the Prime Minister's conference hall, Nankabirwa said: "It is not true that the MPs elect have been called to speak about whom will be the next Speaker of Parliament".
Francis Okori these people r fake .
The Uganda People’s Defence Forces (UPDF) has apologised for the grisly shooting by one of its soldiers in which three women were killed and one man injured.
For details and pictures click;http://bit.
Mick Jagger welcomed fans in Spanish before opening the performance with the 1968 hit Jumpin' Jack Flash.
- French biochemist and Shamengo pioneer Pierre Calleja has invented this impressive streetlight that is powered by algae which absorbs Carbon-dioxide from the air.
We have made tremendous progress without the Lord Mayor.
The New Vision is with DK Diana.
Mutharika, the brother of former president Bingu wa Mutharika, took 36.
Experience is far more valuable than money will ever be.
Mr. Hon deputy speaker, is it in order for to deny your wife enough time while pretending to be busy at parliament.
Paying taxes: Should farmers be exempted?
Says commissioned and non-commissioned officers plus soldiers of RSP (Presidential Guard brigade) are put at the disposal of the army Chief of staff.
If you have returned from Dubai,UAE in the past 2 weeks, Ministry of Health requests you to provide following information on WhatsApp to: 0753751202, 0787386828, 0752787882.
For details and pictures click;.
What was your experience coming to work today?
Hich ever one you like but please don’t use 1500 .
I don't see any positive impact of these cerebrations on Uganda's development; Babulilawa after?
He however said he is ready to discuss and debate the teacher’s salary rise, saying the issue must be handled cautiously.
Kampala City Council Authority (KCCA) has pledged to construct public libraries in each of the five divisions of the city as part of ways to stimulate the culture of reading.
After his knee injury, KCCA defender John Levita hopes to bounce back.
He worked in the Judiciary for over 43 years as a career judicial officer with vast experience on the bench.
That way,one does not feel guilty of doing the wrong thing for the right reasons.
The New Vision is with Davies Rwabu.
Sms: Type 'Pakasa' (leave a space) your details and send to 8338.
#Teamdaisy from Uganda takes the stage.
Its gd if he left the country.
President Yoweri Museveni will host the two-day summit of 11-member International Conference on the Great Lakes Region (ICGLR) at Munyonyo.
Rebels in the Democratic Republic of Congo gave the government on Monday 24 hours to open peace talks and pull back its forces or risk an escalation of fighting in the east - some of the worst in four years.
7 billion people under 50 have the highly-infectious and incurable herpes virus that causes sores around the mouth and sometimes on the genitals, a World Health Organization report said.
i dint knw dat u r ma sis.
To get an audition form, buy a Coke at the audition venue and get in line for your chance to become Uganda’s next music sensation.
Kamya,Jennifer and Lukwago,what a combination?
Just look at the word Google above, its jst sexy.
Have you ever boarded a taxi in a rush hour and only to be stopped by a traffic officer halfway your journey because the driver didn’t observe traffic rules?
The Bujenje County MP in December last year quit her ministerial post over the scandal.
Uganda Red Cross Society said on Thursday that due to a prolonged dry spell, many families in Kaabong are starving.
Uganda has written to Rwanda seeking for explanation over the continued killing of Ugandans at the boarder.
It’S no wonder Somali immigration officials in Mogadishu thought a 41-year-old man who described himself as a tourist was insane; they hadn’t seen a tourist in the Somali capital since, well, ever.
If you are planning to cheer, eat, drink alcohol🍺 or even high-five🖐️🏽 at the #Olympics in Tokyo, you may need to think again.
Theme: Unless a grain of wheat falls into the Earth and does, It remains alone.
Officially became head of state in 1979 with a policy of Arab nationalism.
The pontiff will arrive at 4.
Did you know Fr.
Three years down the road, 93 households in Buseruka, Hoima district are still waiting for the land Government promised to relocate them after theirs was taken for oil and gas exploration and production.
Here is a quick read 👉🏽.
Lukwago opposed the eviction of lorry drivers and vendors from the Kalittunsi Lorry Park along Katwe Road in Kampala and blasted police commanders who had deployed at the site.
Today is Wear Brown Glasses!
Can The Cherries hold on to their lead?
Add beef broth to ground beef; bring to a boil.
The women leaders in over 130 districts have received dairy cows promised by President Yoweri Museveni in 2018.
Museveni should be mediating peace talks in Adis ababa Ethiopia like his fellow great lakes Cos instead of flaring up war in South Sudan for his gain under pretex of of peace restoration !
Former Vice President Prof.
Allan Okello who scored Uganda’s two goals against Somalia and Bright Anukani, Fahad Bayo all who have so far been on the score sheet for the Cranes were among those left out against Eritrea.
The Uganda shilling weakened a touch on Tuesday undermined by a pick up in appetite for hard currency from commercial banks as they prepare to remit end of year tax obligations.
#Ugbudget14: "10% excise duty on mobile money transfer services but the estimated revenues were not realized as the charges were transferred to withdrawals.
The two Kenyans are the only athletes to have run below 2 hours four minutes in the 42.
The latest is this from PRINCE AHMED: With much warm love to the princess of my life.
Is it a crime to move with a national identity card?
The study revealed that eastern region was the most affected area.
President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni together with the host President Pierre Nkurunziza being recieved shortly after their arrival in Bujumbura for the EAC High Level Political Dialogue Among Burundi Stakeholders in Bujumbura.
The New Vision is with John Cosmas Emochu II.
Get a copy from the nearest vendor or get e-copy.
The New Vision is with Matiabe Wycliffe Keroro and Nakuru Political Guru.
#Photography: The town of Susuz (C) is seen on the northern shore of the Ataturk dam through the window of a passenger aircraft flying over south-eastern Turkey province of Adiyaman November 10, 2014.
The Federal Government has confirmed that 110 students of the Government Science and Technical College in Dapchi, Yobe State, are so far unaccounted for, after insurgents.
Says he got information while opening a new brewery in Mbarara, that the youth from western Uganda are the biggest drunkards in Uganda.
it seems they just edit the names in the template wen someone dies!
It can be resolved.
In a close call, Bolivian voters rejected a constitutional amendment that would have allowed President Evo Morales to run for a fourth consecutive term in 2019, the nation’s electoral officials said on Tuesday.
On December 21, she left the Netherlands for Uganda to surprise her family.
Do not tell me about counselling or anything like that; he will never change.
Wth whites taking away all gifts and grants, funds being stolen and misused, a huge debt.
The Ebola virus may persist in some men's semen for nine months after they were initially infected, far longer than previously thought, according to preliminary research out Wednesday.
In PAKASA, we profile for you Robert Lubega and how he has rescued the Kampala city traders.
When they want money, they run to their sheep and milk them dry but when the sheep ask them for loans or money to do sth, they tell them to fast and pray for financial breakthrough.
😂 😂 do dis pple even hv entertainers 😂 country wey no dey Africa map again.
Samantha Lewthwaite, the ‘White Widow’ being hunted on suspicion of leading the Nairobi mall massacre, is or was secretly married to a former officer in the Kenya Navy, a British newspaper said on Monday, quoting a confidential Scotland Yard file.
If something is not broken,why fix it!
Their mark is corruption.
Commission David Kihumuro Apuli at their headquarters in Ntinda on February 27 2014,Dr Kihumuro has being director general since 1999.
Kadaga said the best solution lies in ensuring opportunities are created at home for youths dying in the conflicts, as well as those taking dangerous journeys to flee the wars.
Donald Trump's fledgling social media venture and an investment vehicle it is partnering with said Saturday that institutional investors have pledged $1 billion in funds for the former president's startup.
How does my father in the village benefits in this meetings?
Now the boss called forest officer says dont or stop using firewood and charcoal for cooking that emissions for what and what shall an old woman in Katakwi use for cooking who has never even seen anything like current from electricity not even has she seen a railway line use for preparing her food?
Find out which sectors get what, the new and abolished taxes and which workers receive salary increments.
There is no better way to protect a relationship than thinking about the past.
Uganda Vs Comoros .
Is Uganda ready for full reopening?
Troccoli, famed for her “Go Light Your World” inspirational ballad, will on Friday lead congregants in worship and praise in a free concert at the Lugogo Hockey grounds.
Get your free pull out of Harvest Money for farming tips.
Reason for coming in big numbers.
The Israeli cabinet has authorised a partial call-up of army reservists amid growing expectations of a foreign military strike on #Syria, army radio reported.
Under what circumstances is such a burial accorded?
The New Vision is with Irumba Musa and 18 others.
Cld this be representing the embattled general?
There was no more kissing, no more hugging and eventually no more sex.
Former Arsenal defender Lee Dixon has blasted his old club’s Champions League display against Paris Saint-Germain, saying the players ‘don’t know what they’re doing’.
What is their colours?
Adam Suleiman Kalungi, the key suspect in the death of Butaleja woman legislator Cerinah Nebanda has cried out to court to grant him bail saying his life is in danger.
In her presentation, Power attacked Uganda, claiming last month’s elections had raised real issues—among which are; security forces detaining opposition figures without legal justification, harassing their supporters and intimidating the media - See more at: .
The Uganda Police has arrested three people in connection with operating fake police Twitter and Facebook accounts that they have been using to post disparaging content.
To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices, today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it".
Several waves of bombers prepared the assault on the “terrorists”.
25am; 800m final 8.
All at the Lugogo Cricket Oval, Starting at 6pm.
About half of Senior four candidates this year will be the first products of the Universal Secondary Education (USE) programme.
I am tired of eating ‘Kikomando’ and spending cold nights alone.
Briton Shrien Dewani acquitted of masterminding 2010 murder of his Swedish bride Anni on their Cape Town honeymoon.
Details inside the New Vision #EPAPER-https://vpg.
What are they proposing?
My friend what yo saying as if u have forgotten GOD, where ever you are he can just shake you within a second i think the only thing, the only token of what u can assist the people of kasese is your prayers.
Hungry hynas are waiting for this money.
Uganda has the world’s largest percentage of young people under 30 – 78% to be exact.
Beaten for the first time since their 3-2 loss at West Ham in November, second placed Liverpool paid the price for missed chances.
“But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, and faithfulness”.
In our paper today - March 5th, we have The Beat shining a light on the women making strides in the arts industry in Uganda.
One person has been confirmed dead and three admitted at Nakasero hospital after a fire at Bulange Mengo guard house.
At the end of a stormy first month in office, the billionaire took the power of the presidency on the road, revisiting the style and substance of the campaign trail.
The NIC Goal Shooter (GS), who has been side lined for two weeks due to illness, joined the rest of the team late on Sunday ahead of the residential training that started Monday at GEMS Cambridge International School in Butabika, Luzira.
Mbarara Archdiocese has gotten down to work ahead of this year’s annual Christian pilgrimage set for the usual Uganda Matryrs’ shrine in Namgugongo.
Fat Joe or Nas?
And never forget the people who have helped you along the way.
The New Vision is with Aiden AKfoundation.
You could say this guy is synonymous with goal-scoring.
For a five-day visit to Uganda, starting next week.
Police Flying Squad accused of torturing suspects-https://vpg.
2ndly, u set a very low level.
Alnagger has been coaching the club since Belgian Patrick Osen was recently fired after leading the club to one win and three consecutive draws.
Dear Lord, I pray for hope to rise up in me and your love to flow out of me.
The official ruling published on Monday said the Russian government violated the EU Energy Charter when it redistributed Yukos’ assets after bankruptcy in 2003.
Picture OF THE DAY: A grader demolishing one of the housing units in Naguru during the eviction of residents from Naguru estate.
Get the devastating story in Saturday Vision.
see more at: https://t.
According to Martin Kasenda, Atuhwere’s doctor at Mildmay Uganda, spina bifida happens when a baby is in the womb and the spinal column fails to enclose the spinal cord all of the way.
Two opposition political parties have asked the Constitutional Court to halt the presidential elections due February 18, until the Electoral Commission (EC) addresses their grievances: http://ow.
[Sponsored] #Woolworths: QUALITY SALE NOW ON - Up to 50% OFF selected fashion & footwear at WOOLWORTHS Uganda while stocks last.
I don't see where gay issues get mixed up here!
The New Vision is with Mure Unrully Benny and 5 others.
You probably have heard of, seen or might even be a client of Makindye Division mayor, Dr. Ian Clarke’s multi-billion medical care business empire; International Medical Group.
The Chinese Ambassador to Uganda on Tuesday pledged his country's full support to Makerere University towards the planned restoration of the Main Building.
The New Vision is with Esther Achieng and Moses Nathan Muhangi.
were these families on their "legal" land?
I earns only $2 in a day,will I one time own a car?
#Juba - South Sudan said on Tuesday it had arrested 10 senior political figures and was hunting for its ex-vice president, accusing him of leading a "foiled coup" in the oil-producing nation's capital, where gunfire rang out for a second day.
If this ain't discipline, self-belief and hard work; I don’t know what is.
On Sunday morning, all roads were leading to kololo Airstrip for the big holiday children's festival.
The White House posted video of the rare outdoor trek, which took place Wednesday.
To identify and acknowledge that fear is affecting you in your life, is the first step towards overcoming any fear".
All of these hateful, judgemental people that are claiming to be Christians!
I'm a Ugandan, i studied from Uganda but didn't get job in Uganda i decided to go to Congo and now i'm working.
Today at 36, in addition to running City Medicals Bukoto, a thriving medical practice, he runs City Ambulance Limited, a multi-million private independent ambulance service with a fleet of five and counting.
Kyambogo university council closed the university last week fearing a strike would break out after lecturers and staff of the university laid down their tools following a disagreement with the council over payment and maladministration.
The #BrideAndGroomExpo continues this weekend.
In PAKASA: Find a list of youth making a difference.
Where is Anite; the professor on Uganda patriotism?
1994: Pope John Paul II tells Cardinals that the church should have courage to admit historical mistakes.
The New Vision is with Isihaak Triny.
The New Vision is with Obedgiu Joseph.
Zambians arrive for training session.
Children born into smaller families in the world’s poorest nations will live an expected three years longer than those born into larger families, a new research by the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health has said.
Julian Assange was arrested by the district court November 18, 2010 and a European arrest warrant was issued for the execution of the arrest.
Rates for internet and pay TV in Uganda are poised to drop when the 1.
When Joshua Baguma embarked on playing football at the age of seven, his dream was to become a super star!
London 2012 Herbert Magombe (HM) says 5000m race is going to be "very hot" and very "unpredictable.
That means, those animals are acting on their own will and not for Islam.
President Museveni has rooted for decongestion of Kampala city.
# Bakiga men who rock.
She also had not had a major hit for all that time; and her concert was not that well promoted, going by Kampala standards.
Hakainde accusing winner of rigging poll but called on supporters to remain calm.
Ongoing: Besigye nominated, shakes hands with officials, then slams the Electoral Commission in presser.
Get your free copy in the New Vision here-https://vpg.
The New Vision is with Nsumba Ahmed and Byabakwo Muna Lyantonde.
Honorary FUFA president Lawrence Mulindwa has urged the Cranes not to lose heart after their failure to qualify for the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations.
Kale this is last time am on your page.
What a fake institution, the people it is saving are engulfed by hunger but no thought done by this group to give back to dear people or do something to agriculture!
A massive traffic jam has welled at the Owen Fall Dam Bridge in Jinja as engineers attempt to patch-up one side of the road.
Get a free copy in New Vision #EPAPER- https://epaper.
Mutebi speaking after Kaddu and himself were respectively named the player and coach for the month of April during Pilsner awards held in Kampala.
A new bill that seeks to punish female rapists is in offing.
Ugandan rebel leader Dominic Ongwen has become the 1st member of the Lord's Resistance Army to appear before the ICC.
Kale Kayihura has reshuffled top police commanders.
Parliament has approved an additional sh100b for State House.
Your faith in yourself and a lack of materialism will be obvious.
Get education materials in the New Vision this Friday, we have a package including S.6 Physics and Economic as well as S.1 English and Chemistry.
The New Vision is feeling hopeful with Siima Apophia.
Kiprotich ENDS DECADES OF WAIT!
What a bad image, treating your people like that?
New vision tell us how does a common farmer like me benefit from those allocations, small or big?
Public health experts gathered in Kampala last week to commemorate the late Dr. Mathew Lukwiya have proposed that a National Isolation Centre for management of epidemics should be set up in between Entebbe and Kampala.
The Rujumbura MP Maj.
Estimates are that in most countries, only 4% of the population are entrepreneurs, 16% imitators and 80% employed.
More than 100 lorries carrying Russian aid are heading towards the border with Ukraine, amid continuing confusion over their final destination.
The New Vision added 20 new photos.
What happened to the great empire and what lessons should we draw from this?
Age have nothing to do with being intelligent.
Britain'S sports minister has called for the latest allegations of corruption in English football to be "investigated fully" following Sam Allardyce's sacking as England manager.
As the 2020 national exams begin today, school owners have been asked to put in place facilities for observance of the standard operating procedures (SOPs) against COVID-19.
Today is Techno Day!
Fused ppl wont rule us!
Bike accident caused Ziggy Wine's death.
In today's New Vision, read about the Acholi, Madi clash and and how it has affected locals.
And I urge these people of Kisoro who were hatching plans of demonstration to go slow & leave the courts do their work.
In a statement, Fatou Bensouda said the terrorist attack that has led to deaths of 62 people was contrary to international law and may constitute a crime under the Rome Statute.
Thousands turn up for Census Jobs.
It is pouring goals!
Missing each other is a great way to reconnect.
Golola fell in the ring for over 10 times during the fight.
Debt-Ridden passenger bus service Pioneer Easy Bus Company, has been sued over failure to settle a sh50m debt for office furniture purportedly supplied to it last year.
The New Vision added 27 new photos — with Rogers Atwine Festo.
In a special council meeting chaired by the by Minister in charge of the Presidency and Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA), Frank Tumwebaze, 29 councilors voted in favour of removing Lukwago.
We are what we are now because no one laid down that rod.
Male hippos are known not to attack young ones on land but usually do so in water.
6Km to go in 42km Olympics marathon.
A Belgian tactician Tom Saintfiet is the latest in the growing list people who have shown interest in coaching the Cranes.
Once you kill some body you get finished like kato kajjubi irrespective of the wealth you own.
These are in addition to another 10 new districts currently before Parliament for approval, which would bring the total number to 111, up from the current 87.
It has been an extremely difficult and distressing time for me and my family and I now look forward to moving forward with my life".
And what is his focus.
The two were charged with "engaging in practices commonly associated with witchcraft".
Which is this month?
Local leaders and youth from Arua Municipality have apologised to President Yoweri Museveni and the nation for the chaos and violence that happened in September last year that resulted in death and destruction including the stoning of a car in the President’s motorcade.
Such guys do not haveeins.
Banange in heaven there is no beer so plizzzz LEAVE us alone!
The plight of children in refugee camps.
Get a copy of the WORLD AIDS DAY special in New Vision #EPAPER for more- https://vpg.
Under the new guidelines, wedding receptions will only go ahead after getting clearance from the Inspector General of Police (IGP):http://bit.
It is now Simon Kiprotich.
The comments by Crown Prince Moqren bin Abdul Aziz, in a speech for Saudi Arabia's 84th national day Tuesday, come after the kingdom this month agreed with other Arab states to back Washington against Islamic State group jihadists.
Juliet Kinyamatama loses Rakai Woman seat.
Thank God, you are still safe H.E. Lets pray Uganda remains peaceful.
Matia Kasaija: I have allocated Shs 413 billion for road maintenance across the country.
President Yoweri Museveni has vowed to 'defeat the criminals as we did in the past' following the Tuesday morning shooting at the vehicle of Gen.
Luzira upper prison inmates on death row have asked Government to abolish the death penalty and replace it with custodial sentences in order to give them a chance to reform.
Miya and Nabweteeme Airtel-FUFA Award footballers of the year.
Uganda’S hopes of reaching the semifinals at the Sydney Netball World Cup have been blown after a 59-47 defeat by Jamaica on Thursday.
The Police in Kampala have blamed the recent upsurge in crime cases around Kampala to former inmates who are given lenient sentences to serve behind bars.
A man suspected to be a thief narrowly survived being lynched by a mob as Police hurriedly arrived to rescue him.
Older persons in Uganda have called upon all stakeholders in the fight against the COVID-19 to mainstream their concerns to enable them to survive the pandemic.
The Constitutional Court has rejected a petition to abolish bride price in Uganda.
Album Fire Guts Pride Micro Finance Bank Bramch along Entebbe Road.
#Inthenewvision: As investors rush to Kalangala to buy land, many locals have been forced to encroach on forest reserves.
"Eleven of our staff are in isolation, having been in contact with an external person who tested positive for the virus".
John Nasasira and of Labour, Mwesigwa Rukutana are charged with abuse of office and causing financial loss to the Government.
The New Vision is with Donmarkson Clax and D Jaay Belovely.
The New Vision is with Nunda Daniel.
Tell them about the danger to their eyes.
Roofings Uganda has donated 500 iron sheets to the people of Kamuli following a visit by the Speaker of Parliament Rebecca Kadaga.
Look at all countries dominated by Muslims!
Each of the phones was bought at $700 (about sh1.
Now the day of reckoning has come.
To celebrate, we have just finished printing 45,000 copies of a 200+ page newspaper for you.
Comes 3rd in heat one.
We are all blacks and very proud of all of you even wen we come from different tribes.
Finally Bahati's efforts pay off.
London-Plans to have the Pope arrested when he visits the UK will succeed because he is not a head of state, a solicitor has said.
Kenya bag all the medals in the women's senior race at Kololo.
Or visit our website www.
Vision Group Uganda is looking for a graphics guru with an eye for detail, creative approach to design and comfortable working in a media based environment.
The situation is scary.
The winning image from the submissions to the Uganda Press Photo competition, 2014.
More than two million people have been affected in Mozambique, Zimbabwe and Malawi where the storm started as a tropical depression causing deadly flooding which displaced nearly a million people.
Read full story in SUNDAY VISION #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Through the child, detectives traced the woman who Wednesday gave a detailed description of the man and how he warned her.
In SUNDAY EXTRA: Nothing beats a dad's love.
And the finance minister promised to by this budget we are going to clear the debt.
now everyone is suddenly interested in me.
The New Vision is with Andrew Mwesiga and 2 others.
The General Court Martial Thursday convicted Brig.
The Bunyoro Kitara Kingdom has held thanksgiving prayers ahead of the silver jubilee coronation anniversary for Omukama Rukirabasaija Solomon Gafabusa Iguru.
The New Vision is with Betty Karanja and 8 others.
Sign up and find your perfect job on Fuzu today--> https://goo.
#Urbanupdates: The late Maj.
He said education will be a good equalizer between men and women.
Who wouldn't look at her?
You'll be able to spot it amid all the black suitcases rolling out.
President Yoweri Museveni has held a meeting with Kanungu district women parliamentary aspirants in a bid to avert divisions among the electorates ahead of the forth coming NRM party primaries.
He said for security reasons, the court issued orders directing the media to hold briefing, if any, outside the courts gate.
Hw old is she?
Sam K. Kutesa, Minister of Foreign Affairs.
one day u will vormite everything you have acquired through false writing.
Come through to the #HarvestMoneyExpo, visit the Mesha Steel Ltd & Sekanyolya Systems tents near gate 15.
Salary to be Attached; Court orders.
Chinese again God save my country from these Chinese and their donations!
This will help preserve Africa's water bodies.
#Quote: Respect yourself enough to walk away from anything that no longer serves you, grows you or makes you happy.
In White House race, who is Obama's political heir?
The squad was named by the UBF technical committee after a series of national trails that culminated last Monday.
Emotions flew high as Red pepper journalists were returned to Luzira.
Here'S what we know about the latest developments in the country and beyond.
I laughed my head off.
Most people think they can overcome sleep deprivation by exercising or whatever,” but that’s a bad idea.
The New Vision is with Arnold Barry Vocello.
How will we plan without population census?
President Museveni presided over the International Women’s Day celebrations at Nebbi Town Senior Secondary School, in Nebbi district where over 70 people received national medals.
Petroleum Authority of Uganda answers:.
🏟️ Pride Park Stadium, the home of #Derby, is packed.
The New Vision is with Ousseynou Babou and 3 others.
Investigations revealed a lot of rot, including students bribing their way to graduate plus parallel, fraudulent and irregular admission of students who do not meet the minimum admission requirements.
The director of Sharia at Uganda Muslim supreme council sheikh Yahaya Kakungulu has confirmed that the moon has been sighted.
#Worldaidsday2021: Okukuza olunaku lwa Mukenenya.
Somalia'S Al-Qaeda affiliate has mainly used recruits from Kenya's ethnic Somali community or coastal Muslim communities.
Get the explanations inside today's paper.
The New Vision is with Tiberious Jairus and 4 others.
A UPDF soldier sentenced to 35 years for murder - Court Martial.
Y'All ruining my paper by drowing it in cheesy typos.
A message posted to the Xbox status page early Friday upgraded service to "limited" -- a sign that support teams were making inroads in fixing the problem.
Download the Newvision Digital Platform to enjoy the new experience of news and entertainment.
These things make Uganda look like a theatre with comedies playing endlessly.
The constitution gives Muwanga the mandate to name a full executive that will work with the top four that are directly elected by the Uganda Sports Press Association general assembly.
That'S not necessary for now.
99%), Amama Mbabazi 88,900 (1.
Schools in Pakistan's tribal areas, destroyed in attacks, leave students to learn amid ruins.
The class of 2014 have razzled and dazzled us so far with some wonderful flowing football - can they pull it off when it matters?
Kipoi faces 7 years in jail.
Let him first go a shave.
She added that Kagere developed mental instability after suffering from a strange disease in her childhood.
Five Police officers have been arrested over neglect of duty and absenteeism that led to the escape of seven suspects from custody, New Vision has learnt.
Don'T jump to conclusions, there may be a perfectly good explanation for what you just saw.
Ekiring who was recognised by journalist during the Nile Special/USPA monthly assembly was beaten by Wraber 2-1.
“We in France should take Italy much more seriously than we do.
Joseph William Terikya, a former chief engineer on the presidential jet.
Politicians join voters at Namugongo for #MartyrsDay2019 celebrations -.
Nssf Uganda's #FriendsWithBenefits show is here!
Three teenage schoolgirls in Burundi have been sent to prison to await trial for scribbling on a picture of President Pierre Nkurunziza in textbooks, activists said Thursday.
Let me act like a person who doesn’t know what God says about repentance, I personally think that some people will NEVER be forgiven by God!
President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni is in the Democatric Republic Congo capital Kinshasa, for the 17th summit of the COMESA and joins other heads of state and governments to discuss issues affecting the continent's development.
now Ivorian keeper to take.
Details in the New Vision.
I suggest we choose the best farmer who has best value output on say 2 acres!
Free access to this story here 👉🏽.
The law will enable them access mid-term savings from Fund.
The women activists made the remarks during a press briefing at FIDA-Uganda headquarters in Kampala on Wednesday.
The house was given to Tinyefuza in 2008 and serves as his office premises and a command centre http://see.
Full article in today's New Vision.
The test is designed to return a result within 20 to 40 minutes.
About 100 people, including senior members of Uganda People’s Defence Forces and the Uganda Police Force, will be decorated with medals today at the Labour Day celebrations in Agago district.
Sowing exists in agriculture, religion, academics and lots of other fields.
We are living like orphans in our own homes!
The NRM secretariat has blamed the Uganda Police Force for failing to implement the COVID-19 guidelines ahead of the 2021 elections general.
He is the everything-winner in his family.
Details coming up shortly.
How long will that Christmas meal last?
She missed race because of a power blackout!
Tusker Project Fame Digital Audition is on Now at Grips & Spark - 5th street Indsutrial Area, Kampala.
In 1997, a team of South African,US and Zambian surgeons separated type-2 vertical craniopagus twins (joined at the top of the head) in a 28-hour operation.
this is too much for me but all we shd do is to let God take control.
Mukono District officer in charge of criminal investigations, Henry Mugumya told New Vision that Bosco Ogwang attached to a security group was arrested from Pader district on Sunday.
Army Generals speak out on Kayihura detention.
President Yoweri Museveni on Wednesday received the former leader of Tanzania who is the facilitator for the peace talks in Burundi Mr. Benjamin Mkapa.
Get details in today's Saturday Vision.
In Uganda u cant be this close to police in a demo.
Seven very lucky singers are on the verge of dream come true when they were picked to go through to the second round in the on-going Tusker Project Fame Season Six auditions.
Things afuny so now golora moses of our soil is he still your boss?
The group of young male and female dancers are being detained at Kawempe Police Station after police caught them on video strip-dancing in the nude, according to Kampala metropolitan police spokesperson, Patrick Onyango.
Do not allow self-hurt to continue as it gives it credibility and may become the child’s means to make wrong demands on the parent.
At least three members of the committee have confirmed that Sebaggala's appointment was rejected on grounds of his criminal record & that his academic papers are wanting.
U cant eat grass and look healthy.
Father in name of Jesus we thank you for the gift of life & testify upon your goodness in our lives.
6trillion as of June 2013, implying a higher growth in debt accumulation.
Do Ugandans glorify the corrupt?
Health research published in The Lancet shows that Uganda is the top African country in suppressing the pandemic.
The passing of the baton between the two men will be the climax of a handover marked by barely disguised friction and new policies challenging Dos Santos's legacy.
Police have arrested two suspects for inciting violence by posting material on social media.
Good idea they should be penalized wait a minute hahaha the invesitigators will be paid hollsomely and that will the end of it.
The international celebration was held at Queen of Peace Shrine Kiwamirembe, Kajjansi along Entebbe road on Sunday.
I hear tens of people are bring abducted by the regime.
The New Vision is with Stephen Kirwa.
#Southafrican police have offered a reward of 250,000 rand for information about #SenzoMeyiwa’s attack.
The Uganda People's Defence Forces (UPDF) on Tuesday condemned the decision by the United States Government to issue financial sanctions against the Chieftaincy of Military Intelligence Chief Maj.
Veteran chess player, Prof.
Jamaican track star #Usain #Bolt is considering retiring after the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, he said Wednesday.
The warning was issued on Wednesday by the secretary general of the Commonwealth Magistrates and Judges Association (CMJA), Dr. Karen Brewer.
"Covid-19 can be characterised as a pandemic," WHO chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus told reporters in Geneva".
Like a spaceship hovering above the earth, the cylindrical formation spells trouble for anything in its wake.
Barack Obama has chided Donald Trump as "wacky" and "uninformed" after the Republican candidate said Russia's President Putin was a better leader.
Officials in the Office of the Prime Minister have been arrested over fraud involving sh498m.
President Yoweri Museveni: "The Government continues to carry out extensive efforts of acquiring vaccines and by the end of 2021, we expect to have received 12 million doses".
As a child, Godfrey Kaye was often dogged by school fees trouble and sometimes missed whole terms for lack of tuition but Kaye never gave up on education.
To be honest Paul Kagame is a leader that Rwanda deserves.
With time, my friend started confiding in me about his marital problems.
President Yoweri Museveni has called for calm as law makers consult the electorate on the proposed Marriage and Divorce Bill.
The New Vision is with Lbmg Mane.
Buganda Katikkiro Mayiga starts last leg of his 3-day tour of Buvuma Islands.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs, Jeje Odongo has refuted claims that he wore a sh3.
Forget that was post colonial era which can't be recalled but do u know who died because of your personal egos for your political ideologies?
Fill out the coupon provided on the cover page of the magazine and drop it at the New vision head office receptions in Kampala or TV West, Radio West and Orumuri office in Mbarara, Etop office in Soroti; Radio Rupiny Office in Gulu, Arua One office in Arua and Rupiny Newspaper Office in Lira.
Wawo what nyc plan iz dis{educative guyz}.
But above the din looms one all-encompassing, soul-searching question: How does it all stay relevant in the modern age?
We continue to actively monitor the situation along the Ugandan side of the border between Uganda and Rwanda, five days after it was closed to commercial trucks.
The Chaplain, Rev Onesmus Asimwe said the Chapel Council had endorsed the idea of the corporate wedding in order to enable couples attain righteousness in their marital life.
Congratulations to the #Classof2017 This is your time, rise to the top of your career!
why can't we be rewarded too?
The militant former Katikiro should be able to get a financial bailout from other Ganda radicals now that this story is out.
The New Vision is with Angel Sent and Waira Sam.
Do not miss out on Jobs posted by the New Vision on www.
The official Uganda Golden Jubilee celebrations programme.
He says he wants to uproot President Yoweri Museveni who has been in power since 1986.
Director Airport and Migration, Eng.
Insurance penetration in Uganda is the lowest in East Africa, estimated at 0.
Check out & like Pakasa Vision for the amazing success story of Peter Mutebi, the director, Train Up A Child School in Bugolobi.
Answer's NO,members died in the infernal a century ago.
Find details in the Sunday Vision-https://vpg.
Where is it written in constitution of Uganda that reports must first be approved by president before released?
We bring you what transpired in pitcures.
Shame upon vurra county.
Magoba, a former candidate of Kibuye Primary School drown in a swimming pool just a few hours to the commencement of the Primary Leaving Examminations.
I will mention five.
My Father will love them, and we will come to them and make our home with them.
Now Abiriga’s children to become orphans because of an idiotic opposer who thought killing an old man like Abiriga, and all other killings and kidnaping will stop M7 from being a president!
A guy she calls when things are tits up.
Uleme tukooya nabibuzo ebyo.
He was an ardent reader of New Vision and Bukedde.
When the Police went to search his residence, in Bwebajja on Entebbe Road, he was found with various military hardware, guns and bullets as well as Military uniform -- see more at: https://goo.
Wife, SON, DAUGHTER DEAD.
Majority of Ugandans trust family and friends more than religious leaders.
They prove that life emerged just a few hundred million years after the Earth was formed some 4.
As a child, she gave him roast G-nuts to sell at school effectively introducing him to business.
A total of 53 students graduated with diplomas and Bachelors in the fields of General nursing.
After their imprisonment nkurusinza shd also follow them imdiately orelse.
Grab your copy of the Saturday Vision for details.
#Drcongo, #Katanga Governor Moise Katumbi heads to #Europe using his Private Jet for "medical puposes".
But Ugandan skaters are gearing up for a shot at the 3rd World Roll ball Cup in Pune India next month.
In a statement issued by Uganda Muslim Supreme Council (UMSC) spokesperson, Hajji Nsereko Mutumba, Mubajje noted that any sheikh who will commit the act will be "sowing seeds of insecurity".
Floyd had custom mouth pieces made for his upcoming mega-fight and each of them cost a converted value of about 74,625,000 (Close to 75million) Uganda Shillings or $25,000.
Online version available at 3hrs GMT: http://visiongroup.
Kabushenga at his best game vending propaganda to malign people who have worked very hard to build their reputation.
Get a free copy in today's paper-https://vpg.
Despite several changes in the immigrations department, people are still relying on middlemen and queuing for weeks waiting for their passports.
How many of your clan have you sent into that slavery?
Medics at Entebbe Grade B Hospital have expressed concern over the surge in the number of COVID-19 cases referred to the facility and shortage of protective gear.
Power distributor Umeme Limited has reported power outage in Buziga and surrounding areas.
"In the last few weeks Johan Cruyff has undergone medical tests at a Barcelona hospital.
Tributes have been paid to the fallen former Erute South legislator in Lira district, John Odit.
😔 Slovak MP Anton Hrnko was among the bereaved.
The New Vision is with Bulshin Dashe Yohanna and 12 others.
A British boy got in trouble at school when he arrived for World Book Day celebrations dressed as the lead character from racy novel "50 Shades of Grey", complete with bondage equipment.
Return drained pasta to the pot.
Whichever one you like.
Chief Justice Benjamin Odoki has suggested that petty offenders should be imprisoned in their homes to reduce congestion and the costs of maintaining prisons.
As the number of people affected by Kasese floods sores to over 25, 000, the Danish embassy has released sh130m to the Uganda Red Cross society to help resettle the victims.
I have refused to give into his demands for unsafe sex.
The Police have kicked off an extensive hunt for three suspected key witnesses in the Makerere University fire.
ug in case you have any of your memories at the school.
Details in the e-paper.
When peak hour #KlaTrafficFrustrations meet #BlackFriday madness.
Grab yourself a copy of the New Vision for fresh stories and more here-https://vpg.
Rather, what is important, according to the more than 600 business leaders surveyed, is the candidate’s knowledge in the field and her applicable skills.
Careful with your words because this war is long before you and I came to being.
The WoMin, an African Gender and Extractives Alliance in collaboration with National Association of Professional Environmentalists (NAPE) launch its Participatory Action and Research (PAR) on women miners from Katwe Salt Lake, Western Uganda.
Electoral Commission lead lawyer Enos Tumusiime: "If the petitioner, Amama Mbabazi, is ready to meet the cost of photocopying, we will provide the DR forms.
Very terrific n agitating situation.
is best to b used for our UPDF, BIG UP 4 the BIG BOYZ.
A young man, Vincent Kalibwami, was shot at his home in Kivumbi zone, Nateete, as he watched television with his girlfriend.
The nine lecturers, all from the Faculty of Law include Prof Joe Oloka-Onyango, Prof Sylvia Tamale, Prof Christopher Mbazira, Dr Ronald Naluwairo, Dr Rose Nakayi, Dr Busingye Kabumba, Mr Daniel Ruhweza, Dr Kakungulu Mayambala and Mr Daniel Ngabirano.
He partners with Betef a local CBO to help out some of the most needy families of his students.
But better to employ wisdom and use your peripherals to discern the greatest path of avoidance.
The New Vision is with Amanya Joel.
Hope the report also revealed that due ever increasing power tariffs, the distribution and access to grid energy is put to waste as people can't afford it in many areas.
The New Vision is with Dorothy Atim Abila.
The Principal Judge, Yorokamu Bamwine, dispelled the perception among the public that the Judiciary is intimidated by the executive arm of the Govt.
Agony: Should I leave my cheating wife?
#Breaking: Parliament's Appointments Committee Has Approved Gen.
사람이 여럿이 있으면 누가 나서게 마련이고 더 많아지면 이끄는 자가 있게되고 더 많아지면 부족도 민족도 나라도 국경도 생겨나게 되는 것이다.
First cadets to be trained as pilots for the #Somali Air Force in decades They are trained by the Turkish Air Force.
The UN Secretary General's special envoy, Ms Mary Robinson speaking now: "I express my gratitude to President Yoweri Museveni, Chairman ICGLR, for convening this extra-ordinary summit and for providing a number of opportunities to resolve the issues affecting Congo".
‘Corruption derails service delivery.
“The institute did not close; there was no need to because only one room out of the two floors housing the institute was affected; the rest of the institute and the ultra-modern complex remained intact and business is running normally,” Mabel Nasejje, the institute’s communication officer, said.
He also urged the federation and the technical staff to remain focused on the next campaigns by studying the team’s weaknesses.
Refrigerate until set, at least 2 hours.
Scan over an image with a play button using our AR system to watch the story.
Tell us what you think the cause of fire was.
Umeme office ,Pillington road next speak hotel , below Sheraton Hotel.
In a letter dated January 16, 2019, the President indicated that, “Dott services had approached me with a proposal to design tourism roads”.
Today, I look at him and say to myself, I love this man, but I am just not in love with him.
Kusuro finishes 19th and out of reckoning.
Jinja Road is not the best route to use today.
Breaking: UK PM David Cameron and French President Nicolas Sarkozy are in Libya, the most senior Western leaders to visit since Muammar Gaddafi was ousted.
Grab your Thursday copy of the New Vision for latest news and more-vpg.
It'S so that farmers can have produce to take to the market and get money to support their family.
This comes after Daily Mail; a British tabloid reported that Cabello was flown from Cuba to China using a Ugandan passport under a fake name, Tito Contreras, following political tension in the country.
I don't condone the Impunity behind the regime's invisible hand but I don't think I would have Arrogant Kasirye preach me about Impunity.
The Batwa community in Rubanda district have been asked to embrace responsible parenthood for development to be realised in their families and societies.
Kampala High Court has declined to grant bail to Adam Suleiman Kalungi, the key suspect in the murder of former Butaleja Woman MP Cerinah Nebanda.
Am tired of seeing headlines concerning corruption.
He is a former student of Rines Secondary School Wakiso.
Do people know the chaos that would befall the church if priests were to marry.
To make sure you both get a chance to state what's on your mind during a disagreement and get your points across alternate playing reflective therapist, where one listens while the other talks.
I wish humans were like them.
As if the leadership of Uganda does not move to see how things are done in other countries from garbage handling to business signposts displays.
What a cruel game this is!
I later boarded another global bus that too broke along Lyantonde masaka road, we got stranded for over 4 hours before the problem was rectified.
Get a free copy here-http://bit.
Get the story in the New Vision.
Find story in Sunday Vision- https://vpg.
Police are currently investigating the motive for the killing.
Are our MPs doing a good job?
The Ugandan team that will march into the stadium at about 1.
Find out what more is in store in Monday’s New Vision #EPAPER - https://vpg.
The New Vision is with Komuhimbo Immy and Basemera Jackie.
The International Criminal Court (ICC) is the world’s first and only global court to adjudicate crimes against humanity.
Today, he owns Paragon Hospital, a ‘five star’ health facility in Bugoolobi, Kampala, and one of the biggest private hospitals in Uganda.
Inzzi finishes 11th in 9:39.
Kale Kayihura on Thursday visited Agnes Tinkasimire – wife to Buyaga West MP Barnabas Tinkasimire – who is in Intensive care unit at Mulago Hospital.
(In thepicture: American national Andrew Ryan Gustafson shields his face from the media after appearing in Buganda Road for possessing bundles of fake dollars totalling $1bn.
The New Vision is with Nsumba Ahmed and Don Daniels.
This follows air and artillery strikes on ADF positions in the DRC.
It is SUPA NEW!
Get with the TV that is all about the coolest entertainment, latest trends & info all day long!
2b towards the settling of a huge debt.
Botswana, with HIV infection rates of up to 25 percent of the adult population, has moved ahead of other countries — both Western nations and the economically disadvantaged — in tackling the AIDS epidemic.
South Sudan activists on Monday began a campaign to pressure the country's warring parties to meet a fast-approaching deadline to form a unity government as part of their 2018 peace agreement.
ugandans shd avoid mixing politcs with other intertribal clashes,last ya in july the two tribes attacked one another and many died!
"In my 50 years of observation, I have identified 10 bottlenecks in this respect.
The school is one of the multi-billion Turkish investments in Uganda.
Let Baguma tell the people properly what stopped him from saving Betty Katusabe`s life when police can save and protect the criminals from mob justice.
#Breaking Egypt's Muhamed Morsi to stand trial for 'inciting murder.
The New Vision is with Onadi Elvis and Eric Ndemange.
The launch is a culmination of the long campaign which started in January to enlighten Ugandans and help them appreciate the country’s political, social and economic environment since it achieved independence on October 9, 1962.
Eating won't help your stress go away, so avoid filling up on snacks.
A shadow and shameless.
who is there still giving birth to torrorists.
The woman was at the mall when a man approached and advised her to leave as quickly as possible since “there was going to be a stampede”.
Might you have it?
221561 attached to Kaweweta Barracks in Nakaseke District.
Parliament to close for two weeks starting today.
From nateete to Nakawuka is more than far!
Tunisia authorities on Thursday rescued 267 migrants, most of them Bangladeshis, who tried to sail from neighbouring Libya to Europe across the Mediterranean.
Government today launched the official jubilee song titled ‘Yoga Yoga’ at the Independence monument in Kampala ahead of Uganda's Jubilee celebrations on October 9th.
At 2:00am, the Police found his body burning in his car at Rubaga in Kampala, near Pope Paul Memorial Centre.
1 trillion) oil tax case in London against Heritage Oil and Gas Ltd. A three-member arbitration team ruled against the three core tax claims by Heritage, which was contesting the decision by the Uganda Revenue Authority (URA) to tax their $1.
However, there were conflicting figures about the death toll, with some reports putting the figure at 52 and others at 32.
"I have a figure of 95 bodies buried in a common grave," as well as "nine others that were shown to authorities in a morgue," opposition member of parliament Juma Balikwisha told AFP.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Yes, you can tell it with us.
Why a thy not leave Somalia alone bcs Somalian fights are non of thy business so better leave Somalia,even America left Somalia.
Own your Vatican Rosary now at just 50k at the New vision head offices as we welcome Pope Francis to Uganda.
The buses’ operation was halted in 2013 following failure to clear tax dues to Uganda Revenue Authority amounting to sh8.
Let almight God see us thru!
The court, presided over by Maj.
But the wait for the country’s first oil barrel is still on, much to the chagrin of oil companies on the local scene.
The New Vision with NCBA Bank.
#London2012 Heat 3 starts.
Why do they wait after the work done ?
Success has nothing to do with what you gain in life or accomplish for yourself.
If the ubiversity professors want a pay raise they have to become more relevant!
Well as Uganda Government has billowed millions and millions from World Bank fund to set up infrastructure such as roads, and some wonderful roads are in remote villages , the same world bank should intervene in proper planning since our National Planning Authority is not competent enough to drive our people from usage of money, we have good roads but our people are leaving in pathetically poverty well as world bank can do much.
Let people utilise the land to produce food for them selves.
According to Makmot Okello, the Coordinator National Focal point on Small Arms and Light weapons at the ministry of Internal Affairs, the Firearms, Ammunitions and Related Materials Bill, seeks to harmonise all existing laws governing possession of guns, including the Firearms Act, 1970 and several protocols signed.
Carbon dioxide is a key factor in global warming, and experts have long called for innovative "carbon capture and storage" (CCS) solutions.
A defrocked American priest has been jailed for 12 years for sexually abusing children at an East Timor shelter, in a case that caused sharp divisions in the deeply Catholic nation.
My sister is advising me to quit the relationship.
Bad news for the officials who benefited from the sh6b Oil case reward.
President Yoweri Museveni has, this afternoon, commissioned electricity at Buhweju District Headquarters in Nsiika.
#Bwemubaanga temulina byakuwandika, mutulirengawo.
Rates may differ due to changing market conditions and the amount of transaction.
Luckily, her own parents had very different ideas than the rest of their family, and they refused to promise Brohi to anyone, in defiance of tribal custom.
Cranimer Mugerwa Award is back!
Police officers in Uganda get serious because Tuswala.
Your accurate,up to date,detailed and instant reporting has ignited into readers the desire to see another paper.
With just one day to the end of the sim card registration, about 20% of subscribers are yet to fully register their phone sim cards, information from telecoms indicates.
She has the face of a beauty queen and the body of a goddess".
Even that woman is an ADF?
Deputy speaker of Parliament Jacob Oulanyah has signed the condolence book opened at the Belgium Embassy on behalf of the Government.
Besigye and some young Democrats were arrested.
Even when you go to a super market,there is VAT.
Details in Sunday Vision 👉#EPAPER: https://is.
I dont think the president would make such serious allegations, if they were not true.
Money goes with money and a real man knows his type n class of women .
How far should people like Lord Verjee go to help and inspire others?
We have been sold in our country for money right from the grassroots such that no body wants to know what happens to their people.
If you’re feeling sluggish, eating even a small lunch can renew your energy and help you feel refreshed and ready to take on the next several hours.
“Am calling upon the people of Toro to eliminate new infections among children no child should be born with HIV in Toro kingdom and for every child who is HIV positive should be put on treatment” King Oyo said.
Uganda is 50 today!
, It was Neither MARIJUANA.
Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu Wednesday slammed as "hypocritical" calls by some countries urging Ankara to open its borders to Syrian refugees while failing to demand Russia halts punishing air strikes.
Webster and other ambassadors met the prime minister in Kampala.
Borussia Dortmund legend Karl-Heinz Riedle says the Bundesliga club is 'praying' star striker Erling Haaland stays next season as they fend off interest from the Premier League.
You will not be forgotten.
But we didn't have a cutting edge and got done on the counter attack.
Degree Celcious or farenheit?
God bless you all as you pilgrim to Namugongo and let God grant you all your hearts desires.
Find out what it takes to successfully work with a franchise.
The New Vision is with Latif Kitimbo.
New Vision has the details-https://vpg.
My conclusion is that uganda is a better place.
Grab yourself a copy of Saturday Vision.
You would have replaced his photo with Kabushenga's instead of Barya.
It is a silver bullet meaning all mps and district leaders will be reduced.
Former news anchor at the Uganda Broadcasting Corporation, Bbale Francis, is confined to a hospital bed, but in a stable condition.
Uganda you can keep calm and be sure his next destination is code 256 the Pearl of Africa.
Police is to issue a statement shortly.
Hawking defied predictions he would only live for a few years after developing a form of motor neurone disease that left him confined to a wheelchair.
These fools have called in investors and most of the money is dragged to their countries.
#Breaking: Serena Williams wins French Open, Making it her 20th Grand Slam title.
Someone tell her this virus is a biological organism not an electronic computer virus.
Zsamboki treated the Ugandan fighter to countless blows and kicks, with the fight one-sided through the six rounds before it was stopped.
Police investigate 11 over throwing bottles at Bebe Cool #EPAPER: http://is.
PAYE is so exploitative and takes too much of our salaries.
Feeling gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it”.
The company executive director, Brian Gouldie told the press that the growth was mainly driven by the integration of financial services into the mobile money portfolio.
It was presented at the American College of Cardiology annual conference in San Diego and published simultaneously in the New England Journal of Medicine.
Slated for May 8, 2015 at Victoria Hall, Kampala Serena Hotel where jazz lovers will witness this master class of entertainment.
Don'T judge a book by its cover, Balos show them.
“The local fishermen feel cheated that they are not working, yet they see mukene being packed into trailers to be transported to DR Congo and Rwanda.
Subscribe to our #EPAPER 👉 https://epapers.
Pakistani businessmen in Kampala Wednesday protested over an anti-Islam American movie paralyzing business.
Has debate failed so we have resorted to fights?
very few in bottling farm outputs except the EPZ I heard in Luwero !
"Certain states helped to create Islamist extremism and are now failing to withstand it.
6% of the vote in the 2006 presidential elections.
Riot police in Zimbabwe on Friday fired teargas and beat demonstrators who defied a protest ban, as the opposition accused President Emmerson Mnangagwa's government of surpassing Robert Mugabe's regime in brutality.
Could the death of Jack Maumbe Mukhwana lead to Mbale's end of an era?
Find out how he has done it.
#Epaper: Get the New Vision direct on your Smartphone via-https://vpg.
Who is a better rapper?
"Micho has recalled Godfrey Walusimbi at left back while Brian Majwega moves upfront on the left side of the team’s formation," according to reports from Morocco.
The late Brig Clovis Kalyebara who died on Tuesday last week will today be laid to rest at his ancestral home in Kyogya Village, East Division of Fort Portal municipality, Kabarole district.
Kcca must find a solution to street kids period.
Congratulations to the winners of the #BestFarmersAwards 2020 in the various categories!
Have you say on this?
This defeat was so thorough and so severe".
Read ABOUT Mbekeka's Journey of unending trials;http://bit.
The New Vision is with Dancan Jonathan and Ssegawa Joseph.
The New Vision is with Angel Sent and Grace Shugaray Kiwummulo.
How comes ofono opondo first announced the reason why late Aronda died b4 e post momentum.
This number could rise.
Mps have identified the biggest burden to their lives.
Vogue tapped the stunning Oscar winner for its October cover, and in it Nyong'o addresses the painful criticism she's been dealt since her starring role in 2013's 12 Years a Slave made her a household name.
Friday'S widely condemned test has ratcheted up tension and led to fierce rhetoric from South Korea.
The tremor whose magnitude is yet to be established was the third tremor to be experienced in Fort Portal in the past one week.
I am just from the ministry of health, I am a transparent woman, I believe in accountability,” says Robinah Nabbanja, Uganda’s first female Prime Minister.
In midday deals, London's benchmark FTSE 100 index shed 0.
Dj RACHAEL TURNS 20!
Your time is soon.
Almighty God, we worship Your holy name.
Details in the paper.
So, what is the best way to deal with pension money?
Strikes hit several towns in the Democratic Republic of Congo over a security memorandum with Rwanda that opens the way to Rwandan police deployment in the troubled region.
Gano mawolu gennyini twabiwulira dda ku ladio.
Lawyer Male Mabirizi petitions East African Court of Justice over Kenya's ban on Ugandan maize.
On this day in 1897, a 25-year-old London taxi driver named George Smith becomes the first person ever arrested for drunk driving after slamming his cab into a building.
Meanwhile, it is approaching midnight here in Kampala.
Starting today, up to June 5, World Environment Day, in a campaign, Save Lake Victoria, New Vision, its sister paper Bukedde and some of its platforms like Bukedde TV, Urban TV and Bukedde FM will run investigative stories and commentaries highlighting the irresponsible human activities threatening the world's second largest fresh water lake.
Are you a student or young entrepreneur?
There is no meeting that has ever taken a decision on this matter.
Fear gripped three MPs recently expelled from the National Resistance, as they camped at the Constitutional Court in Kampala, following a tip off that the party had hatched a clandestine move to evict them, pending the determination of a petition challenging Parliament Speaker Rebecca Kadaga's ruling.
Hyenas to take charge of the butchery hmmm!
1% of uneducated women reported to have had sexual intercourse with two or more partners, the figure was 1.
War can not solve a thing stop killing each other its better to be poor than to be dead.
Then why is he being charged in Gulu?
The NRM’s Central Executive Committee has ordered a legal team headed by lawyer Oscar Kihika to refine proposals to amend the party’s constitution.
He scored the two goals for Vision Group.
M7 & Kagame intervene to save blood.
Former Lord's Resistance Army commanders have asked government to pardon their fellow captured combatant, Maj.
Read the story and find out what you can do to fight obesity in New Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Buhari said this when he met with Saudi King Salman.
Frequently test with your partner.
Also all I kindly as next time please first get the correct news and information before you post anything .
Wedding collection from Kid's World.
If all the taxes your puting on us is just going to stle the debts $ not even to stle bcz out 38.
Jailed Police officer slapped with new kidnap case.
When Neil’s geeky twin brother, Sahil, offers to help Twinkle shoot a film for the annual arts festival, she jumps at the chance.
Today is Lemon Cupcake Day!
It is aimed at marketing Uganda’s tourism to the Latin American audiences.
The family of a 22-year-old woman who was murdered early this year stormed Mukono police station on over delays in bringing the suspect to justice.
Nga bayanguwa nyo okugamba nti alcohol.
Atomic Energy Council was rewarded for its outstanding work in regulating nuclear energy applications in Uganda.
An orthopaedic surgeon by profession, he competed in yachting at Mexico 1968, Munich 1972 and Montreal 1976, and played rugby union for Belgium.
Three people died on the spot this morning at Kinoni in Mabira forest on the Kampala-Jinja Highway following an accident that involved a truck loaded with tomatoes and a Toyota Harrier vehicle.
The New Vision is with Natuhwera Moreen and Dawson Bin Walusiimbi.
The rampant crime is attributed to poor monitoring in state hospitals and lower health centres, increased corruption and lack of a policy to protect whistle-blowers.
,I can't coment coz ezo nsonga za gov't.
Are there more where those came from?
Thank u new vision up dating as.
I only urge that the hijab need be abit loose to confirm with the teachings of Islam.
They better be ready for the consequences too.
"No, I am not surprised at all, but disappointed.
It could be as simple as getting together with family and friends and he would rather not go and leave me to go on my own.
What'S the exchange rate for the Swedish Krooner?
There were four dead and a dozen wounded," said the security source, who requested anonymity.
It belongs to you.
Simon Olinga, 34, a resident of Kichinjanji Ward Northern Division in Soroti Municipality was on Thursday sent to serve his punitive sentence by Lady Justice Henrietta Wolayo.
Glory Be To God For De Words Of Wisdom Dat Come Out Of Our Mouths".
Dfcu Bank has voluntarily suspended trading on the Uganda Securities Exchange (USE) as British firm Actis/CDC, the major shareholder, offloads a large stake in the bank to Norwegian and Dutch entities.
Hussein 21500 palestinians not Israelites displaced.
Ugandan UK Convention 2012: Speaker of Parliament Rebecca Kadaga invites investors to come to Uganda that offers several opportunities especially in agriculture and education.
Us Rapper Capo Shot Dead In Chicago.
No rain in moroto municpality.
The New Vision added 19 new photos.
Subscribe to the e-paper 🗞️—.
New Vision TV offers analyzed news content on trending stories in Uganda, be it politics, business, and the day today life This is broadcast in various shows.
When does he work in office?
My elder sister, who is the first-born, raised me.
The Makindye-based General Court Martial (GCM) has charged and remanded 32 people to Kitalya and Kigo Government Prisons for allegedly possessing 13 bombs.
The Blues are in control.
Recently, I fell in love with a man who is fi ve years younger than I am.
New vision is the leading local data media.
At least 60 people were killed over two nights of terror in June 2014.
The explosives were found in an apartment that had reportedly been used by the suicide attackers who killed 31 people in attacks at the Brussels airport and in the subway on Tuesday.
The president was talking to the press this evenning at Uganda Media Centre.
Rwandan President Paul Kagame says France's recent acknowledgement over its role in the 1994 genocide in his country is 'a big step' -- even if it didn't come with an apology.
Sean Davison, who founded right-to-die organisation Dignity SA, is accused of assisting in the suicide of his friend Anrich Burger who was left quadriplegic after.
Mp Robert Kyagulanyi arrested, charged for a crime he is alleged to have committed last year.
Every person around there was strange to me.
Only 3 DAYS LEFT!
How different is what he's saying with what Mr Ocici tells farmers every day?
The launch of the flag at the Uganda National Bureau of Standards offices on Monday marks an end to 50 years of counterfeiting of the flag.
During a two-day human trafficking training of judicial officials, Director Public Prosecutions (DPP) Mike Chibita said most judicial officers are ignorant about.
But why deny her husband.
“All media houses should therefore disregard the content of the letter.
thou the river blindness cure discovery is important.
The Premier League side also face charges that their fans blocked stairways during the game, going against the safety and security regulations of European football's governing body.
The uncertainty has caused discomfort mainly at Mengo, the seat of Buganda Kingdom, with officials denouncing the move, saying it would affect the cultural values of Baganda.
Get a Copy of the New Vision for details #EPAPER -https://vpg.
should it not be the other way round?
Worry no more, the Bride & Groom virtual expo, has got you covered!
The carnage took place on Thursday near the town of Beni in the North Kivu province, where mainly Muslim Ugandan rebels have been blamed for killing more than 200 civilians in gruesome attacks since October.
Uganda will spend over one billion dollars on the construction of Karuma power station.
The United Arab Emirates ( UAE) has suspended flights from Uganda.
The Minister for Finance, Matia Kasaija has directed Uganda Revenue Authority to stay the implementation of the proposed tax on imported textiles and garments to give traders time to adjust their business decisions.
Even apps which a downloaded on smart phones.
En i thnk sh will plan to cme back shud he get bettr again.
Do you ever think of a promotion at your workplace?
Police speaker sir, would like to inform us that even Nabanja was arrested b'se was there and might be Mp?
Mulago assembles team to examine Nambooze.
"Hello New vision,thanks for the great work.
When he slaped the traffic woman how that case has ended?
The cafe is part of Orbi Yokohama, a nature-themed amusement park to the south of Tokyo.
2star general swagg .
With a total engine power of 60 kW (120 cells lithium polimer) has a cruise speed of 160 km/h and an endurance of 45 minutes-1 hour.
he tried to temper with God's position and asked people to start worshiping him.
The New Vision is with Kiracho Charles and 4 others.
A number of Chimps that is Maisko, Umutama, Kalema, Robbie, and Kisembo have been observed trying to take charge but still have challenges.
Story in today's paper.
Documents obtained by The New Vision show that the Procurement Authority, PPDA, did not approve the award of the sh185b deal to supply the IDs to the German firm, Mühlbauer Technology Group.
But also perhaps unaware of it, Uganda is already feeding China, the only question would be, can Uganda satisfy China’s hunger for our products?
3 new fatalities were also registered.
The Commander-in-Chief, President Yoweri Museveni, has replaced the Fisheries Protection Unit (FPU) commander.
•Will VP Ssekandi bounce back to Parliament?
'' said Public Relations officer of parliament, Hellen.
If for example a chemistry paper is supposed to be 2hrs, I see these extra 45 minutes exacerbating the stress on the candidate since the paper it's self is a horror movie.
President Salva Kiir and South Sudan rebel leader Dr Riek Machar again hold face to face talks in Khartoum under the mediation of President Museveni and President Bashir.
A delegation of senior government officials from the Czech Republic led by Martin Tlapa the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs has arrived in Uganda today (Wednesday 22) for a Working visit.
-Does Uganda really need more UNIVERSITIES?
Sheikh Byomuhangi has condemned the habit of Muslims enjoying the latest music trends, saying that music of late is introducing demons in different communities, which is the cause of many challenges.
African spirit of not accepting defeat.
Land belongs to God not man.
He is one of the individuals with the highest net worth in Uganda.
"I do not know, but the way he speaks always carries me away.
From locusts to coronavirus.
Uganda Tourism Board (UTB) says the promotion of domestic tourism ought to be exploited at this time.
Opposition parties say his election bid, which he went on to win, violated two-term constitutional limits.
Find out how longer this will have to take.
We don't fake fun at #TOTOFestival.
South Sudan's police have detained a newspaper editor without charge and refused him access to a lawyer for three days, he told a Reuters reporter who visited him in a crowded police cell on Saturday.
What is the meaning of rebel when you are still serving your party interests and people support you.
May his soul rest in peace".
We spend our adult lives juggling our businesses, careers and family.
Psychologists have found that sending and receiving text messages can actually boost your mood when you’re feeling lonely.
In the newly created Mawogola South Constituency, the out-going Ssembabule RDC, Joseph Ssekabito defeated the Dez Byuma a former chief campaigner for the Foreign Affairs Minister, San Kutesa.
Please add a text message or your names.
World finally gets to see Uganda at 1.
The state minister for water resources, Ronald Kibuule is grieving the loss of his second set of twins who drowned in their family swimming pool in Mukono district Monday.
It marked the year former President Suzan Anek's grasp on the top office was loosened.
Police is regarding the elections as a number one priority, and has taken all steps necessary to ensure all electoral events are fully implemented by maintaining law and order during the electoral process.
St. Leo I (440–461): 21 years, 1 month, and 13 days (7,713 days).
Jessica Alupo said teachers who miss classes today and tomorrow will be considered as having absconded from duty, a misconduct she said would attract punishment.
Experts have revealed that MV Templar was repaired by welders from Katwe, the revellers boarded it.
Awaken me in body and spirit today with a desire to meet with you and to hear you speak words of affirmation, assurance and wisdom over my heart as I prepare to go into my day.
The current rains, which are already flooding several parts of the country, including Teso, Acholi and parts of western Uganda will continue falling up to mi.
World and Olympic marathon champion Stephen Kiprotich has thanked all Ugandans for standing by him in the trying moment when he lost his youngest daughter.
Magistrate Emmanuel Baguma Tuesday issued the summon for Kazinda who is accused of misappropriating sh316m from the ministry to appear in court on November 8.
“Even if you call God to sit here, I will never get back with Teddy,” Bugingo is quoted to have told his followers.
The so called chiefs and Kings have failed Africans right from colonial time.
Why when many Ugandans are jobless.
Sam Semaganda: The male champion righting wrongs unleashed on women.
We can't allow such things in the city.
Born in Argentina, Guevara believed that a man of action could revolutionize a people.
Africans with much to learn about than this garbage.
Renowned English news anchor Rosemary Nankabirwa battling with adrenocortical carcinoma cancer has Saturday afternoon been flown to Agha Khan Hospital in Nairobi for specialised treatment.
Making this the third time the exercise, which should have happened in 2012, is cancelled.
'To promote health care and enhance economic growth' really?
Think very carefully on something before you post nonsense here.
Early goal for Jose Mourinho's side.
Confirms what I always thought that most people who mostly do the evening run excercises appear to be heading towards some P1g joint for refueling.
She is very suspect.
Congs 2 Ivory Coast.
Spina bifida is Latin for ‘split spine’.
Shakira threw her son in the water before the boat was washed away towards the spillways hence saving him.
Initial reports indicate that All Africa Games champion Negesa will not make it to London 2012.
Thanks to him for showing that good heart but be economical coz ugandan government with sports.
It’s not enough for them, but it’s all they’ve got.
Hundreds of traders in Kampala are in tears after fire gutted Salabed Shopping Mall and a nearby market in Kisenyi, destroying their goods worth billions of shillings.
I am in the same category as Michael JOHNSON (USA).
# Ssembogo Robert, no political stress for them indeed.
Dnt blame d "quack"The trend ov uganda nw is unpredictable, it's all about brainwork.
It has retained its global supremacy ever since, thanks to the economic and political clout of the United States.
Tiffah’s mouth is exactly like her father’s!
I have my two girls both 16 years old and would like to be part of this.
The party spokesperson, Jude Mbabaali argued that this would help the government to know each one’s property to avoid misusing oil funds for their own interests like it has been in other sectors.
Stock markets rose on Tuesday as investors appeared confident that the Omicron coronavirus variant will not derail the global economic recovery.
The locals attribute this to the rising ethnic tensions especially between the Bagwere and the Itesot in Butebo,” CCEDU stated in its report released Wednesday.
Otto who vows not to refund the money said the ultimatum issued by Mafabi is misplaced http://see.
The strike by intern medical workers has paralysed services at several hospitals across the country with patients requiring minor surgery being sent back home as doctors concentrated on only emergency cases.
Those gyz r playing pick and play.
My problem is, he had a relationship before we met and got three children.
The Gorilla in the Mist rally on Easter weekend in Kabale will also act as the rival of the East African Rally Series and will count on both the National rally Championship (NRC) and Rwanda National Championship.
that is how she was born.
David Tinyefuza, has been given two weeks to vacate a posh house belonging to the Kampala Capital City Authority or be evicted.
Guess who will have the last laugh if the opposition is always at each others neck?
Isn't the same ministry responsible for devising means to regulate human trafficking and labour laws fostering?
Read about the #64CPC2019 in today’s New Vision.
Amama Mbabazi tweets congs message to TEAM UGANDA.
Inter-Party Organisation for Dialogue (IPOD) is a coalition of political parties including the ruling National Resistance Movement (NRM), the Democratic Party (DP), Forum for Democratic Change (FDC), Uganda Peoples’ Congress (UPC) and the Justice Forum (JEEMA).
Police and the military have heighted former Vice President Gilbert Bukenya’s security, after he announced that he would support President Yoweri Museveni’s bid for presidency in 2016 elections.
What he did in northern Uganda is evident enough, he reprimanded officials that were violating peoples human rights," said Otto.
Why Uhuru Kenyatta delayed to vote #Kenyaelects2013.
The sh6b modern ferry which was supplied by Damean, a Dutch firm has a seating capacity of 120 passengers.
ly/2QbWG8P to watch the award ceremony live.
Consider getting married because, according to researchers, single men stand a greater risk of dying before their time.
Ellie has fled to Rosewood in order to soak up a few years of normal life before taking on the responsibilities of royalty.
The suspect identified as James Olugu, a resident of Bargri cell, Eastern ward in Aboke Town Council, allegedly hit his father Alex Ogwang with timber trying to save his sister.
Exam body gets extra sh18.
Anthony Oumo, Wednesday who gave his opinion before Justice David Wangutusi of the Anti - Corruption Court , asked court to acquit Kazinda on grounds that the evidence adduced by the prosecution was not sufficient enough to convict him.
Why don't u' employ ur selves 2 schools $ u begin teaching , if u' know zt teachers money iz sweet more than urs' plz .
These ladies are aiming to be the first members of their family to graduate from university.
The bore hole is one of the best places to meet a girl.
John Byabagambi, has announced the appointment of Allen Kagina as the Executive Director of the Uganda National Roads Authority (UNRA).
It is like saying when somebody is dead they don't do an investigation.
Celebrate it by finding out who your grandparents are or were.
Shafik Kiwanuka on Friday punched his way into history by winning an African professional title in just his third fight.
Please ask our experts here using the hashtag #CelebratingUGstyle.
Am sorry for Ugandans who are still looking at Bobi as a njaga man!
Vision Group’s Chief Executive Officer, Robert Kabushenga confirmed the dates on Thursday, shortly after an agreement signing ceremony with Henk Jan Bakker, the.
Kiprotich: It pained me when I was in Kenya training and my colleagues (in prisons) were in Uganda working.
29%) Maureen Kyalya has polled 24,536 (0.
Win a fully connected tablet from In Uganda (Intab) or any of 3 portable wi fi routers up grabs just by attending the Young Entrepreneur session with US financial guru Robert Shemin at “That Idiot Is Rich I’m Not Why?
But would be water is life and death.
Uganda, with a population of 30 million, has only 2,000 doctors:http://bit.
#Askthepau: What advantages does the refinery have for Uganda?
President Yoweri Museveni has received a special message from his Angolan counterpart, President Joao Manuel Goncalves Lourenco, which was delivered at State House, Entebbe on Monday by the Angolan foreign affairs minister.
By standing in long lines all over the city to give blood, donating money through our mobile devices, buying and distributing food, blankets and beverages to the affected, we have ashamed and defeated our attackers.
Wayne Rooney will remain England captain going into the 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign, manager Sam Allardyce confirmed on Monday.
The Inspectorate of Government received various complaints that the recruitment process for the the Executive Secretary of UNEB was flouted by the chairman of UNEB Fagil Musa Manday who did not work with the secretariat.
Has Qute Kaye tuned into ugly Kaye?
Muslim leaders want no exam done on IDD day.
Details in New Vision this Friday.
We have the A-Z of tips on how to prepare this and many other recipes on https://harvestmoney.
The deceased has been identified as Boaz Tumwine.
A high level European Union delegation has this afternoon paid a courtesy call on Forum for Democratic Change's Kizza Besigye in Kasangati - They are yet to be let in.
Hundreds of thousands turned out to see him.
Photo by Lawrence Mulondo.
Education and sports minister Jessica Alupo, while releasing the new Namboole rates also reminded all stadium users that Namboole management has a preserve for the advertisement and vending services, which has always been the area of contention, most especially during international matches.
Mbu all of our forcus was on ICC so what is the security for?
Tv operators seek silver bullet to fight online rivals.
The New Vision is with Ata Yebwa.
Do you think its a right move?
The new MPs have been warned against conmen who claim they can help get them positions in the incoming cabinet.
She spoke to Carol Natukunda about a squabble she says an invigilator used against her.
In what is a breakthrough in the investigations into Joan Namazzi's untimely death, the arrest followed meticulous investigative work by police who tracked the phone that was used to call her family following her disappearance and death.
The Jungle King Lion jumps in time to catch fresh lunch.
#2021Recap: Mubende High Court nullified the election of Joyce Bagala as Mityana Woman MP and ordered the Electoral Commission to conduct a fresh poll for the seat.
These ones also have a dream of ruling uganda.
"To date, Mathew Kanyamunyu has denied causing Kenneth Akena's death.
"If we open a quarrel between past and present, we shall find that we have lost the future," Winston Churchill.
Kasingye Kyamugambi and Dr. Ishmael Magona.
What are the party colors, symbols?
Islamic State militants have beheaded US aid worker Peter Kassig even though he converted to Islam , a video posted on social media shows.
Sylvia Kyarikunda, 18, was arrested on Saturday a few hours after she suffocated the child she has been baby-sitting for six months.
New Vision TV offers analyzed news content on trending stories i..
The New Vision is with Moses Maloba.
Why should the presidential unit posses a health unit?
My projects are always successful says Museveni.
Dp has no moral authority to demand 4 accountability.
She never declared to me that she had a child.
The 2018/19 budget will be read today.
Former ISO operative Charles Rwomushana believes the latest killings of #Police officers is the work of internal rebel activity.
The owner Nnyumbani Decor, Mahmood Hudda has made billions from furnishing people's homes.
Embattled Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, facing criminal charges and a new general election, will resign from all other ministerial positions he holds but remains premier.
The New Vision is with Kaweesi Paul Hana Manio.
The killers who were convicted include Charles Nassoro, the husband of the murdered woman.
The AIDS Support Organisation (TASO) to set up condom distribution points at bars, Hotels and other places where commercial sex workers hangout.
When ur fake gov't failed to pay her retirement package.
The available classrooms at the university do not conform to the standards set by the National Council for Higher Education (NCHE), a report by the Auditor General (AG) has revealed.
"We believe, as leadership, that when leaders take decisions they should be able to live with the consequences of the decisions".
About 130 people were arrested by police on Saturday during the Uganda Cranes verse Angola match in connection with petty crime.
6 people, including a crime preventer, have told court that they are not members of BodaBoda 2010.
What'S the meaning of discussing Vital Issues yet can't be put in Practical to change our Leadership?
May Your name be glorified in all we set out to do.
Read about how this young entrepreneur turned his life around in Pakasa only in The New Vision.
Get a free copy in New Vision for more details #EPAPER- https://vpg.
#Bel 1-0 #USA (93') Shot No.
#Kayihura #Mbwa Y mr m7!
She says her first priority shall be to close the gap between the political and technical wings.
Just plan how to feed them.
The Pygmy and Bantu people of the Democratic Republic of Congo signed a peace deal Friday to put an end to decades of deadly violence that has killed hundreds.
Be ready to grab a copy for yourself.
Details coming through shortly.
See details in the New Vision -vpg.
Nrm Ghetto Youth from different slums in Kampala have embarked on sensitisation campaigns for peace during and after the forthcoming general elections.
Mercy Adhiambo picked five wickets as Wanderers shocked women cricket league defending champions Charity in the first game of the season, by beating them by 47 runs at Lugogo.
“In God we trust, all others bring data,” a quote attributed to American professor and statistician William Edwards Deming, is widely used to underscore the role accurate data plays in building credibility.
The New Vision is with Nabangi Daniel.
They r weired 4 sure.
Will Martha Kay get a second chance?
Museveni was served a copy of the petition on Thursday, by a team of Mbabazi's lawyers led by Severino Twinobusinge, at State House Entebbe.
Boda boda rider knocks police officer at checkpoint, two-shot.
A Kenyan citizen has narrated how she ended up as a squatter on Mulago hospital land.
Da best person is kikwete.
Idlers will always be around.
Ent 2 d MOE.
The New Vision is with Ssalongo Wanzala Richard Omukristu and Lubaale Emmanuel.
Fred Kangwamu informed court that Ssesanga was arrested wrongly by the defunct Rapid Response Unit (RRU) operatives from Kitagata cell in Mbarara town in 2009.
Renewals of work permits have been, reportedly, halted.
5m were impounded from 349 non-complying outlets.
I hate that kind of wealth with a passion!
In a large bowl, whisk together the olive oil, lime juice, vinegar and cumin.
It is like saying if an athlete is tall.
Bride & Groom Expo is Back!
She said this while she was giving her opening remarks at the 2nd national primary teachers’ conference happening at St. Lawrence London College in Maya.
An Ethiopian artiste dancing the Kikiga dance, with the clergy during the International Women’s day celebrations in Kabale on Sunday.
this was about 10.
Cook the wings on the preheated grill, turning occasionally, until the chicken is well browned and no longer pink, 25 to 30 minutes.
The New Vision is with Olyech Tonny and 2 others.
Find out why Emmy Katabazi was arrested last year and why the UPDF has now dropped all charges against him.
Dat was de day i escapt and i leav LRA,when we a in garamba in s.sudan,i praise loard 4 dis day.
How I DEFEATED COVID-19: "We were strictly instructed not to unplug the oxygen for any reason.
Major General Mugisha Muntu's campaign team has asked the leader of Opposition Nandala Mafabi to quit the FDC presidency race for their candidate' saying he is better suited for the position given his military skills.
The event will be held every Sunday at the National Theatre.
Visit MTN HQ (along Jinja Rd), Stanbic Bank - William Street plus MTN Service Centres at Kampala Rd, Lugogo Mall, Clock Tower, Forest Mall and Victoria Mall (Entebbe).
Mukulu was extradited on Friday from Tanzania where he was captured in April.
The two-page document, dated September 16, 2014 challenges the need for a cultural intuition, saying their people are not ready for the social subordinations that would come with having one.
Vision Group handed over a cheque of sh300m to athlete Stephen Kiprotich as a reward for winning gold at the London 2012 Olympic Games.
Aha hantu se KO ndeba ari akavuyo!
The sports bodies were given six months to comply.
People are loaded they have the guts to sue a government.
“As long as your bio-data is on the national voters’ register, you will be identified and allowed to vote,” Charles Ochola, spokesperson said.
"In everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out.
He can only move his head.
Drama ensued when some policemen prevented the arrest of their wives fuelling the demonstration.
Way to go FDC, i expect a show of maturity at that, it is now or never that FDC needs to show they can really lead the country, forget the battles that the police is fighting on behalf of NRM, it is tims to win the masses!
@ Bigg James, Bill gets has spent alot of money on health some of it misused in our own countries.
⚽️ We have some tasty #UPL football today.
You’re the role model.
Did you know that #BrideAndGroomExpo started 12-years ago?
It is unfortunately not something new.
What shd I Do?
East African Community member states ministers for finance are set to present budgets for their respective countries later today.
When I hear these stories that are too good to be true, I smell a “robbery” of tax payers money!
Exclusive report in The Sunday Vision.
They beat the system," Kassami who is also the Secretary to treasury said.
It’S a Saturday and visiting a salon is probably on everyone’s to-do list.
That'S why i even left that mtn network, and joined airtel / utl.
The death of the president of the world's No.
I mean that's their major characteristic.
That'S the legacy he gonna leave for our motherland.
Uganda state minister of Trade James Mutende is dead.
Paul Kalenzi l am sure you have already seen this.
Christmas presents you can gift children.
If he convicted wat will he happen 2 B.B?
Japan'S Naomi Osaka has beaten Jennifer Brady of USA to win the #AustralianOpen2021 women's final.
Information from the Rwandan Ministry of Defense, according to a statement released on December 16 and 17, 2021, relates to the promotion, renewal of military service and conscription.
President Museveni, while launching Galaxy International School, assured the gathering that he will sign the anti-gay Bill today.
In order to test various effects of spinal taps, Wentworth performed 29 of them.
A junior Police officer is being probed over the murder of Elliot Kanyesigye, a younger brother to his superior in Sheema district.
But Eritrean-born Biniyam Habtgeorgis knew he was cut out for greater things.
#Infographic How the Ebola virus attacks.
Moses Ddiba Ssentongo has called for support to establish a centre of excellence training academy of the CMO cadres.
The New Vision is with Twekambe Mulox Berunga and Kib Andy Ibrah.
Kyali kisa kya MUKAMA.
The state Minister for Primary Education, Rosemary Sseninde has directed schools to deny access to indecently dressed parents.
Find the details in our e-paper.
But the youngster would later pick up interest in swimming, where he continues to shine.
Dr Besigye, these guys think policing is abt using muscles not intelligence, of course they are ill trained, underpaid, hungry, not professional, lead by a military man.
New vision what is the difference btn the school materials you sale and the ones govt is supposed to freely give to the Ugandans ?
I am an illiterate man.
How can u like some else's misery.
There is a high chance of accidents in this area should a train come unannounced.
The Speaker Rebecca Kadaga poses with different pairs of twins.
The New Vision is with Angel Gonzalez RF and Stephen Kirwa.
Former local government minister Jaberi Bidandi Ssali has asked the Government for financial assistance to cater for his medical expenses.
First world status possible?
Don'T punish children for what they eat or don't eat.
Christmas hustle ends when you buy Saturday Vision.
Dont reject THE LIVING LORD.
But even that did not go according to plan.
The expulsions follow the deportation of an American journalist from the war-torn country http://ow.
Many targets in these blue prints, like those encapsulated in Vision 2025, have hardly been achieved as government grapples with unforeseen economic shocks, many of which are international in nature.
Both teams very cautious which you expect in the first five to 10 minutes.
@Silly Lwanga, hw many Likes have Ugandans given my comment than ur lousy complement?
Housing Finance Bank, Buganda Kingdom and Habitat for Humanity have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) aimed at providing decent shelter for vulnerable Ugandans.
New Vision’s Barbara Kaija said the purpose of the forum was to “create a common voice for editors” who “share the same vision to be the eyes, ears and voices” of the public.
Hospital boss explains theft of Gov’t drugs.
Many men believe tight marking their wives is a sign of love and adoration.
If you wedded in Church then there is absolutely no problem with having sex before going to church,its just like having breakfast before heading for work or church,the problem is not having sex but going to church and thinking about sex!
The university has bought 100 tickets to participate in the Mbarara papal walk on Saturday.
Tezira Sajjabi, the patron of the group—comprising of small-scale entrepreneurs all-over the country and other pro-NRM supporters cited peace and stability, economic transformation, restoration of democracy, gender equality and special interest group empowerment, infrastructure development and agricultural transformation as key achievements that made them reward Museveni the title of Father-of the-Nation.
The former district commander of Yumbe Police station has been sentenced to five years imprisonment after being found guilty of embezzling sh6m meant for payment of allowances for security guards.
Muwema flanked by Maroons FC coach Asaph Mwebaza, displays the document containing governments recommendations.
Drop by large spoonfuls onto ungreased pans.
Government to pay Juba traders sh 144b compensation.
Catch up with the stories making news across Uganda today on the #TodayAroundUganda podcast.
Magine a soldier stopped me yesterday morning on ma way to home at around nakawa junction on thier heavy deployment en oderd me to remove shoes.
"[North] has a better direction," Kim explained during an interview with NPR.
Now, she wants my sister to leave.
The Cairo court sentenced five other defendants to 10 years in prison and acquitted another one General Nabil Farag was shot dead in September 2013 when police raided the village of Kerdassa near Cairo where Mursi’s supporters had holed up more than two months after his overthrow.
I also shop for my children because their father is always busy,” Becky says.
They will be followed by El Nino starting from late September or early October.
A total of 4,830 troops will be allowed inside Juba.
Who is AIGP Asan Kasingye?
On Wednesday while the House of Representatives was debating on impeachment, he was addressing a campaign rally hundreds of miles away in Michigan.
Time to vomit Koranorya Land, Kamukuzi, Lugazi, Kakoba aha Rwizi in Nyakeizi Cell, etc plus Many Counties and Sub-Counties land too.
Get the best deal for your dream home this festive season with Buildnet.
As I asked you yesterday, please continue helping, and continue praying".
Effective tyres can help you save fuel.
Parliament at the edge of falling.
#China will grant US$1.
The New Vision is with Ssali Geofrey and 15 others.
Today she owns three nursery schools in Kampala including the prestigious Rock Nursery School at the Kensington Luxury Heights in Kyanja.
"Parliament needs 6bn to buy the security equipment for the parking lot, a request has been sent to Ministry of Finance," says deputy Speaker Jacob Oulanya.
Kenya 5 2 3 0 0 4 -0.
"I want to thank everyone who has supported me, all my coaches from the past, all the people who have been part of my life, particularly my wife.
The leader of opposition in Parliament, Nandala Mafabi and the FDC secretary for mobilization, Maj.
#Newvision: Meddie Sentongo, a Kampala business man and former boyfriend to city socialite Shanita Namuyimbwa a.k.a Bad Black, Today morning walked to freedom after serving an 18-month jail sentence in Luzira Prison.
The MTN Marathon was on today with over 25,000 participants.
Us President Donald Trump returned Saturday to one of his favourite spots -- a campaign rally stage -- defying the pandemic and attacking Democratic rivals.
There will be new #WorldCup2014 champion.
Dog mood after heavy lunch.
This week's winners of the The Sunday Vision #FathersDays contest.
Thanks what are you preparing for today tips.
It's a stunning meditation on art and grief by one of America's most exciting young writers.
One person on-board a military aircraft escaped with his life after the plane he was flying crashed in the northern Ugandan district of Gulu on Thursday.
Do you tell her so?
Christians have been cautioned to stop giving stolen gifts to God because they will not get any blessings from Him.
Frendz letz kip adiviz dem doze with HIV zo dat dey can be hppy becoz HIV z not made 4 1perzon z 4 each&every 1ns, ltz g've dem gud adiviz.
He clearly addressed to us that many roads were constructed with our own money, may he account to us for all the billions of borrowed money in the last National Budget?
The Police has recovered a car stolen from Nairobi at the home of former Tororo municipality mayor Jack Ogola.
Traders who are to be paid for supplying goods to South Sudan are shocked over unknown firms added on the list.
Wen u hear some one talking about middle income status,just look at them as thou they are ignorant.
What have you been waiting 4?
Kayima says the restrictions are in line with provisions of the Public Order Management Act (POMA) 2013, which bars public gatherings unless participants solicit.
Who does he think he is?
The election exercise conducted by the Army council in conjunction with the National Electoral Commission on Friday at the army barracks in Bombo, was presided over by President Yoweri Museveni who is also the commander in chief of the armed forces.
Because one day their children plus some few relatives they pay the price.
Holy is Lord, no body is again holy!
The main material is spinifex grass, a plant that grows in Australian sand dunes.
Us Ambassador to Uganda, Scott DeLisi, has urged young Muslims to find home grown solutions to challenges facing their lives, saying Washington is ready to be a reliable partner in their quest to become change agents in their communities.
Me and my boyfriend have only been together 2 months and he lives with me.
A preliminary investigation on the body by the police surgeons indicates that Matovu had external injuries on his body and a paper card fixed to his forehead.
President Yoweri Museveni is expected to address the nation today on steps to be taken to keep coronavirus at bay.
The presidential elections took place last week on Thursday, the same day as the parliamentary polls.
I wish u agud recovery sooo.
Onesmus Asiimwe, the Chaplain of St. Francis Chapel Makerere speaks out on his 26- year marriage to Florence Nightingale.
READ more in New Vision #EPAPER- https://vpg.
I don't think UPC will ever have a chance to lead Uganda again.
It'S the nation under Museveni today that is shattered.
The New Vision is with Trinity Delizo and 6 others.
Details in our e-paper.
Other board members were Dr. Were Higenyi, Eng.
I have always been telling u these ladies n gents in the house are sick, they only talk about nosense things, nga they are silent as issues like roads, corruption hospitals.
Environmental Police set logs on fire #EPAPER: http://is.
The New Vision and the Irish Embassy will award the best teachers this year.
Just over two-thirds of those, or 3,420 men, will come from the government, while the remaining 1,410 will be from the rebels, according to the terms of the deal.
Why Ugandan priests in particular?
In Jesus' name, amen.
21세기는 핵놀이하는 때가 아니고 병정놀이 하는때도 아니다 라는 것을 먼저 깨달아야 한다.
‘Was DP created to make rolex or sell vegetables?
Israel has postponed this week's visit of Ukrainian Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman following a landmark UN Security Council vote demanding a halt to Israeli settlement building, officials said Monday.
American R&B singer Ne-Yo (born Shaffer Chimere Smith) has promised Ugandans who will attend Friday's Bell Pop 'N Jam concert at Lugogo Cricket Oval, Kampala, a great time and great performance.
I think there is a clear need for th court martial to listen to th story.
#Fact: 4 out of 5 firefighters in the U.S. are overweight or obese, and about half of firefighters killed in the line of duty suffer heart attacks.
This new experience came with challenges, there were some positive outcomes too.
The New Vision is with Reagan Ronald and 3 others.
#Inthenewvision: The former workers of the defunct East Africa Airways Corporation.
Try it out & save up to 30% on time previously needed to clear goods.
Without dreams, we reach nothing.
These guys asked for change and even killed the pan africanist Gaddafi.
Let me hope you have not put burglar proofs,atleast put fire extinguishers.
It’s been 15 years now since he passed away.
So William Samoei Ruto has to appear in Court on wednesday.
The New Vision is with Twekambe Mulox Berunga and Manghande David Martin.
He dies aged 68.
In today's conversations, here is what is trending on our timeline.
The 74th session of the General Assembly also oversaw elections to the Security Council and the Economic and Social Council.
Just get me a plate of Malakwang Lanuta my day is done.
You too can be a winner by buying a copy of the latest edition, fill out the coupon attached to it and drop it in the coupon box provided at Game Stores or Vision Group Uganda Head Office.
Also YOU WILL RECEIVE.
The New Vision is with Nakhaima Fred and 7 others.
The Nkore Cultural General Assembly was the first ever to take place in the history of Ankore since 1967 when the Kingdoms were abolished by the government of Milton Obote.
beautiful , tall, and nice faces also they have good traditional culture .
Is police still investigating?
Because 90% of night businesses and movements rely on boda bodas, the remaining 10% is for trucks.
But u guys why cant he form his own party (Amama).
He now wants to return home to give back to this country.
Do you think it will stay this way till the season ends?
Rugby referee Richard Akena has been suspended for the remaining part of the Uganda Cup tournament which includes the third place play off, shield final and main cup final.
Auditor General John Muwanga has expressed concern over government's increased demand for supplementary budget funding without matching revenue.
Russia must b playing hide n seek 2 confuse Europe n America over Crimean issue.
Jinja Road is bumper-to-bumper as a result of closed roads in Naguru.
Let's go back in time here 👉🏾.
Un realistic bar owners, hw can an intoxicated/ mad man have sense of any kind of prevention?
You break my heart small sister.
The association called on the authorities to shed light on the situation and recalled the precarious conditions in which health professionals work.
However, my family pressured me into having an abortion because my baby’s father had abandoned me.
Pay your tribute to Prof Lawrence Mukiibi if you’re an old student of his schools.
The rebuke came as the UN Security Council adopted a revamped version of a 15-year-old resolution that highlights the role of women in peacemaking and calls for measures to increase their participation.
#Knowyourstatus to protect yourself and loved ones.
Bank of Uganda is concerned about Ugandan currency notes making rounds on social media with campaign messages.
#Zimbabwe'S ruling #ZANUPF confirms has Mugabe's wife; #GraceMugabe, as women's head.
Not quite sure what they are so gripped by in this first half.
btw, who is behind these land grabbing country wide ?
"The pope's visit to CAR remains on the programme.
King Oyo asks president Museveni to return to Tooro all Tooro Kingdom properties.
President Yoweri Museveni has commissioned the Civil service College of Uganda (CSCU) in Jinja.
Justine Kyeyune, 40, had been taking milk since childhood but stopped two years ago because she started suffering stomach upset and skin rash after consuming it.
The cause of the incident is under investigation, the agency said.
There are some things that money just can't buy like manners, moral and integrity.
Liverpool coach Jurgen Klopp recorded the first win of his Premier League career at a stumbling Chelsea last October but it will be different ball game all-together when his side return to Stamford Bridge (today) Friday.
One day we shall wakeup when Uganda is taken and given anew name!
Eating more insects could help fight world hunger, according to a new UN report.
I do not condone divorce or adultery.
They should also sanction Bantariza too.
The Clerk to Parliament, Adolf Mwesige, in a statement to the public said they want companies to provide Parliament with TV, radio and web advertising services for a period of two years.
Works and transport minister, Abraham Byandala, has launched investigations into sh5.
Police have deployed at Pope Paul VI Memorial Hotel in Ndeeba where People Power leader Hon Robert Kyagulanyi (Bobi Wine) is meant to hold one of his consultative meetings.
Wanao kupiga vita ni mafala let them nt make u to forego ua goals.
Celebrations in different parts of the country started that afternoon.
Kiprotich on way to stadium from Athletes Village.
The New Vision is with Lule Mukasa.
For our first recruitment session of the year.
This is bad white.
Whatever you can do or dream you can, begin it.
One step for man.
The fellow #TPF6 contestants backing up #TeamKojjo from Uganda.
Watye KA KURII YA AWOBI!
Hundreds are feared dead after two villages were this afternoon buried by landslides in the eastern district of Bududa.
President Yoweri Museveni promises to end corruption.
"The pigs who do not value life shot at Gen.
The New Vision is with Alice Nanteza and 2 others.
2000: At least 10 people were missing and feared dead after the Contour Bus plunged into Karuma falls on the Gulu-Kampala highway.
The New Vision is with Clive Cheptoek.
6Pm - Cranes enter stadium, officials inspect pitch.
Return chicken to pan.
The Directorate of Public Prosecution (DPP) is seeking over sh500m additional funding to pay for transport and lunch allowances to state witnesses in different graft cases to save government from losing cases.
Yesterday Arsenal crashed out of the Champions league after a 5-1 Defeat double to Bayern Munich (Aggr 10-2).
If you are confident that you have a product or service people want, do not allow the lack of capital to deter you from your business goals.
“If we got the property, the county chiefs would have a place to run their activities and the kingdom would be much better as regards to development,” the Kabaka said.
In the latest rankings released by the world soccer governing body, Uganda slipped down 7 places to 92nd in the world.
What has befallen our education system?
Where did museveni get these Irish potato growers.
Add cinnamon, stock and 1 cup cold water.
The New Vision is with Munabi Silas.
In the same spirit can they organize a fundraising drive for starving Ugandans in karamoja.
Just when we are looking North East South and West to have our kids back in school?
Why some Civil servants miss July pay.
He said the drivers will be trained in driving schools or a driver-training institution licensed to carry out such specialised training.
Actually even if it was tarmac, I would prefer direct masaka road!
10am; TUESDAY: 5000m men Heats 9.
On a cool and rainy night in a dense, mountainous forest in Rwanda, insect-surveying scientists discovered a new species of praying mantis, one whose wingless females are "vicious hunters" that prowl for prey as if they were marauding tigers.
So if you're torching 268 calories during a half-hour indoor run at a 12-minute-mile pace, you may hoof off closer to 300 calories if you head outdoors.
The transitional government has been unable to control the former rebels or keep Muslim and Christian groups from fighting each other.
Let him change the constitution.
Is that a DAD (one's father) in the pic.
Peers recognised peers, the public followed suit 👉.
Thanks guys for the contribution, we shall join u in our hamble capacities.
According to Julius Hakiza, the Police publicist for the Albertine Region, a case vide CRB 1321/2019 has been opened.
Disagreements Over Bishop Ilukor's Burial.
My concern is that today our leaders whom we respect allot are also taken by waves to get on wrong sides by giving support to what is wrong in society.
Now let him go bac 2 Nrm!
Judges are back in Court.
How can I get him to prioritize me now that I am his wife and tomorrow we will have a family of our own?
That'S how financial wars are fought!
The New Vision is with Kyarimpa Cecilia and 13 others.
"A mother is clothed with strength and dignity, laughs without fear of the future.
The infection is transmitted through touching surfaces that have been infected with the virus.
A new trend in the world.
He believes that in order to be at his best he should enter only the 1500m in Beijing.
The current interim governmet has murdered thousands if protesters.
And that is the work of the land ministry.
A day of national mourning has begun in Italy for the almost 300 people who died when a powerful earthquake hit mountainous central regions.
We have prepared this week's package and it is as follows👇🏿 , get a copy or subscribe the e-paper now 🗞️ — bit.
She might b ready to go but waiting to take her back.
#Facebook u promised 2 introduce dislike click where is it?
Others claim ideological kinship.
If you re marketing ur products killing other company's products.
Bad Black aka Shanita Namuyimbwa, fined sh5m for reckless driving.
Elly Tumwine” says Ogwal.
Its #GoodByePaapa #JamboPaapa #SafeJourneyPope.
The New Vision is with Kakombe Shallon and 3 others.
Donors warn government over budget cuts.
Today, Uganda joins the rest of the world to commemorate International Women’s Day.
There are many ways of collecting rainwater off a structure, from run-off downhills and roads https://harvestmoney.
The Provisional Rotary Club of Sonde has partnered with 20 schools within Sonde in Mukono district to mitigate climate change through promoting tree planting.
People who take aspirin regularly have a significantly lower risk of cancer, particularly involving the colon and gastrointestinal tract, according to US research published on Thursday.
But they are supposed to play tomorrow Thursday.
Your right nigerians live alone that badwill zwelilithini whose eating what he vomited already.
President Yoweri Museveni wants corrupt government officials to be tried by the Court Martial.
As gender rights activists revive the call to pass the controversial Marriage and Divorce Bill, President Yoweri Museveni has warned on sharing of property.
The education ministry releases the 2018 UACE exam results, which indicate an improved general performance as well as girls beating boys at all levels.
Kati this guy who is ever sleeping in parliament has also got some good words to tell this nation!
Of hcupcepe of cup of people xsk whole.
- See more at:.
Patrick, 21, who is serving a 10-year sentence on robbery charges, says during admission into prison, he tested HIV-negative, but he is now positive.
Happening now: National thanksgiving prayers at State House, Entebbe.
You can prepare a tasty fish recipe this weekend with the #HarvestMoneyWebsite.
This nrm regime z going to kill ugandans.
Details in HEALTH & BEAUTY pullout free in the New Vision- #EPAPER.
At least six people are dead and 18 others missing after Typhoon Nock-Ten lashed the Philippines over the Christmas holidays, the government said Tuesday as it tried to assess the damage.
At this rate, aid workers have themselves become vulnerable.
The Lady who went missing from her home resurfaced yesterday.
Covid-19: 420 recover as Uganda registers eight new cases.
It is so sad but each of us has their tyme tht we can never avoid wen it comes, it is only our good deedz that can make the grave peaceful coz it's in there tht we spend more tyme.
Sh200m) to Nabagereka Development Foundation (NDF).
Previous attempts to inject CO2 into sandstone soils or deep saline aquifers have struggled, as they relied on capping rocks to hold the gas down -- triggering fears it could eventually leak.
I know your commitment at MCC.
This is according to a household survey on perceptions about IUCDs among women of reproductive age in Uganda done in 2012 in 53 districts.
Killers are funny, they may even be there attending the burial n crying properly.
Virginia Raggi, an anti-establishment candidate who entered politics only five years ago, won 67.
Do you know what it means to be in ICU?
President Obama departs US for Kenya.
Was this a fair sentence?
Once that happens, you may notice diminishing strength gain results.
Heat your water at zero cost with Chloride Exide, your energy solutions for all.
The more experiments you make the better," Ralph Waldo Emerson.
Robinson, the former president of Ireland, is visiting the resource-rich but chronically unstable region to push for a deal to end the 16-month conflict between the Congolese military and the M23 army mutineers.
At a time when elections are around the corner.
Thanx To Any Stakeholder Who Tried His/ Her Best.
Darpa says such robots "hold great promise for amplifying human effectiveness in defence operations".
Timothy Bukumunhe gives a hint of what is likely to happen.
Haven’t we worried enough?
It is a time to celebrate and a time to demand action.
It's the FIFTH consecutive goal at the 2014 WC to be scored in Extra Time.
party members are pretending to him.
Specialists urged pregnant mothers to always use authorised health facilities but not traditional attendants.
Ministers lose parliamentary seats http://ow.
The Johannesburg Zoo, where he had been a major attraction since he was a cub, put him down for health reasons.
And is here jct playing on us.
"Parliament recently tightened security involving all security agencies deployed at the premises.
Duffy advises them “to eat five times a day, about every three hours to stimulate their metabolism” including two mini meals between their three basic meals.
In HOMES &CONSTRUCTION :OWN A HOME FOR ONLY SH25M .
I promise you, if you are able to join your life will never ever remain the same, you will continue to experience breakthrough in the the works of your hand and you will continue to prosper.
Dis grace for Museveni to attend the funeral since he is doing the same thin Nelson fought for.
It lasted only 20 minutes and took place 1.
Grab yourself a free copy of the Beat in the New Vision-https://vpg.
Get the harrowing tales of modern slave trade in Sunday Vision.
The New Vision is with BonGo BonGo and 5 others.
Mnangagwa assures on holding elections sooner than anticipated.
Speaking on national television, Interior Minister Raymond Zephyrin Mboulou said that Mr Sassou Nguesso - who has been in power for more than 30 years - had secured more than 60%.
What z e use ov condoms?
Nio nio nio temukisusa nyooooo atteee nga you weren’t recording cases during elections so after swearing in that’s wen the records escalate .
A report has revealed that at least 400 children, mostly pedestrians, die in road accidents in Uganda every year.
Losses due to absenteeism are estimated to be about sh85bn annually, and sh329bn losses are estimated to have been incurred during 2011 under construction projects in schools.
It's not compulsory to have new vision TV!
The former National Resistance Movement (NRM) mobiliser for Lango sub region, Okello Moses Aliana was given a special coffin wrapped in NRM colour and symbols in recognition for his services for the party.
Workers have requested President Yoweri Museveni to assent to the NSSF Bill as a Christmas and New Year gift to them.
Photo by Jimmy Dombo.
To win, a candidate needs a majority of votes and at least 25 percent of support in two-thirds of Nigeria's 36 states and the FCT.
Follow the 80/20 plan: Eighty percent of the year, you'll exercise regularly and eat well.
Are you a big farmer looking for farming machinery?
If you have a team star who has failed three times to score a penalty in key matches, it would be unwise to try him the fourth time,” Mao said in a thinly veiled attack against Besigye.
Pre-orders also rose nearly four times at T-Mobile, compared with its next most popular iPhone.
Surely the gift of living well is individual choice!
Lock up these hooligans!
Let uganda's judicially liberate us from m7 de second(amama mbabazi) coz we nid a SYSTEM change not a M7 2 AMAMA change!
Us singer Erykah Badu has been condemned as a hypocrite for singing "Happy Birthday" to Swaziland's King Mswati III, described by a rights group as a "corrupt tyrant".
Failures don't believe people cn make it genuinely.
Business owners have been urged to plan ahead, given the anticipated rise in the cost of doing businesses, owing to the tough global economic environment expected next year.
Businessman Drake Lubega, Sarah Kizito fight over Kisenyi land.
The Family of the Late Yosamu Buruhwari with deep sorrow announces death of CANON DOROTHY BURUHWARI that occurred on Monday, 19th December 2016.
You are still close and you think that the distance will not change what you have between the two of you.
for a religious leader to preach sops means he has fallen for the devil and his crafts.
#Bestfarmers2018: Don't wait for the market to say that they don't want your product anymore, so that you wake up and start doing the right thing.
Carol Atuhirwe of the #SaveCarol campaign has passed on in India.
let's wait for Friday.
The New Vision is with ‎مصطفى محمد مصطفى‎ and 34 others.
First born over 50-years, and youngest (not last) born two years ago.
Us scientists are working on a pill to prevent infidelity and curb rising cases of divorce.
The villagers -- near the town of Wajir -- waited until the hottest part of the day to chase the cheetahs, which after some six kilometres became too tired to run any more.
Why are we shying away from talking about this?
Do not miss the full story in the New Vision-https://vpg.
"We have the capacity to ensure everyone's safety at the MTNMarathon".
Icymi: Rush hours as Ugandans scramble for buses to their villages.
He said " the aim of good governance should be socio-economic transformation," noting the reasons why Africa is lacking a predominant middle class and a large skilled working class?
6 billion, while revenue dipped 12 percent to $23.
At least 16 in every 100 civil servants are infected with HIV/AIDS, a high rate when juxtaposed with the national prevalence rate of 7.
Singer Iryn Namubiru, who was given a hero's welcome on Monday upon her return from a police cell in Japan, broke down while she narrated her ordeal at Interpol headquarters in Kololo.
The minister of agriculture, Frank Tumwebaze has commissioned the Egypt-Uganda ultra-joint-model farm that has started producing meat for export.
Cranes star player David Obua has swallowed his pride and apologised to FUFA and national coach Robert Williamson for his erratic behaviour at the team’s 2-0 Africa Nations Cup 2011 qualifier victory over Guinea Bissau at Namboole on Saturday.
we need our money not to make others more richer.
Zari Hassan's husband and Tanzanian musician Diamond Platnumz is the biological father of their daughter, Latifah Dangote, DNA tests conducted have confirmed.
President Museveni meets Kiprotich.
This is the second time that this type of procedure was attempted, but the first time in history that a successful long-term result was achieved.
25 that was annulled by Zanzibar's electoral authority on grounds of fraud.
The plan also provides for the creation of five satellite towns to ease pressure on Kampala's infrastructure and services.
The most accomplished father I know.
Two Zimbabwean women have been arrested after they were found naked and carrying an assortment of witchcraft-associated paraphernalia outside a house in Harare's Budiroro suburb, according to a report.
Despite their fearsome appearance, they are gentle and you will find tourists touching and holding them.
The New Vision is with Immaculate Jacqueline Nakigozi.
The High Court in Tororo has sentenced a man to 29 years imprisonment after he was found guilty of murdering his father in cold blood.
Uganda’S innings was not disastrous but the outcome of their first game at ICC U-19 World Cup Qualifier in Malaysia may be.
At least eight civilians have been killed in attacks by ADF rebels fleeing a Congolese-Ugandan military operation against them in the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo.
May b with d bosses 2 earn it.
You know him as a politician – once Kamapala city mayor, presidential candidate and DP President General.
Kenya and Ethiopia have agreed to construct an oil pipeline from the Kenyan coastal town of Lamu to the Ethiopian capital, Addis Ababa.
"I can confirm to you he is with us.
So majority of you have said (in the opinion poll) that Rooney will NOT score tonight.
While putting Nyanzi, 47, on defence, Kamasanyu noted that she looked on the impugned Facebook post allegedly made by Nyanzi and it is only fair that she is given.
It was a mafia trying to smear a honest man not to be appointed to a position of Justice to the Court of appeal.
For every 10 centimetres (four inches) over one metre in height, the odds of developing cancer increased by 10 percent in men and 18 percent in women, the research team reported at a medical conference in Barcelona.
If it was cabinet resolution,why shd someone in UNRA challenge it?
The bishop had earlier told the youth during a youth conference at Makerere University to uphold values of integrity.
#London2012 GOING FOR GOLD - Kiprotich gritting his teeth with 1 km to go.
-Ask the editor: Can I do a masters in a different course?
we had better find our money when we come to claim it.
In MOTOR MART: Competition, high operating costs cripple bus industry.
Police department in sh24b fuel scam, officers probed.
The facility was saved by the police firefighting vehicle that was called in as the fire burnt some timber and clothes that were in the house.
IPC is an alliance of four opposition political parties.
Serbian officials are investigating the incident, a source at the prosecutor's office told Reuters on Monday.
Ug will never be london we are nt usin slaves neither we a theives ov gold copper en ivory we a still beggerz pliz understant ya coutry begining wiz your home.
Today'S forex rates as provided by Bank of Uganda.
The first ten Russian Sukhoi (Su-24) fighter jets arrived in Iraq on Saturday, the country’s Defense Ministry said.
Her husband Juvenal Nsenga intentionally.
ug and tells us who you want your next President to be.
Most victims were Italian, but several foreigners were among those killed, including three Britons.
See story in the New Vision-https://vpg.
President Museveni takes on ICC.
Picture OF THE DAY: A councillor being dragged out of the Mayors Gardens by colleagues.
Here is the team that has tirelessly worked on the #BGExpo2018.
You only know there are snake in the house when it has bitten you!
He joins a list of critics of the recently passed Public Order Management Bill (POMB).
Sunday Vision in partnership with Extreme Adventure Club Busiika invite you to win a #FathersDay Extreme Adventure at Busiika.
Olympic and World marathon champion Stephen Kiprotich's one year-old child died yesterday.
Footballnews: Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho set to discover in the next fortnight if he will be banned after failing a drugs test in March.
What defines democracy in Uganda then?
Every business should do real time stock taking.
We bring you the details and what the Govt plans to do in today's paper - vpg.
[Sponsored] #TheAthenaAwaits: Our chef has laid out a special spread fit for a king and that’s you my friend.
Kagina appealed to her Staff & Partners to respond to an urgent need for mattresses to handle cases under quarantine.
A closing statement issued after two days of talks in Abu Dhabi did not specify the total amount pledged for the fund but French President Francois Hollande said a target of $100 million remained achievable.
On a first time meet, Luke Yakobo easily appears as any ordinary young boy – physically strong with such an adorable innocent smile curved on his lips the moment you say hello to him.
As he lays on his hospital bed, we will reflect on nuggets of his wisdom one at a time and see how best they apply to our lives.
President Museveni said he has done his part and hopes the recipients will not disappoint.
You get the credit!
5 billion people around the world.
Prosecutors on Wednesday asked a US judge to sentence the white former police officer convicted of murdering George Floyd, an unarmed Black man whose death last year sparked nationwide protests to 30 years in prison.
President Yoweri Museveni has directed encroachers on wetlands and forests countrywide to peacefully leave the areas.
Hw abt de munaz?
I remember requesting you guys to keep doing this everyday naye temuwurila.
#Is claims responsibility for the #Yemen #mosque bombings which killed 177.
Trump has expressed prospective good relations.
The tax collectors confiscated Opolot’s mobile phones as he cried for help.
A village council in northern India allegedly ordered a woman, whose husband ran off with their neighbour's wife, to live with the abandoned man or pay him compensation, police said Tuesday.
Wat do you do with food served to you?
Take good care of your mind, body, and spirit.
Uganda is hosting Eastern Africa standby Force training exercise for rapid intervention, peace and stability at Gadaffi Garrison in Jinja.
The station's DJ Ali Breezy (Ali Ssejjemba), who hosts.
Loud explosions inside the mall.
According to reports the singer has been forced to suspend all of his shows till Easter break.
Travel while you are young and able.
The club, that needs sh106m has explored more ways that will help them raise the balance of sh89m to enable the team travel to Sudan for the CAF Confederations Cup match against Al Watani FC on February 13.
For farmers to understand what nutrients they are lacking from their soils, they should look out for experts from the National Agricultural Research Organisation (NARO) centres, including consulting extension workers for information on how best they can understand their soils.
Captured by a taxi passenger.
The death toll from yesterday's landslides in Bududa now stands at 18 while dozens of people are still missing.
Long live prophet Samuel Kakande.
Pioneer Easy Bus Company has suspended its operations along the Kampala-Luzira route, a move the operator says is intended to streamline its transport system.
The disaster preparedness minister, Musa Ecweru, told Sunday Vision that about 7,000 people have been displaced by the floods, while Kilembe Mines Hospital, located a few metres from the river, was on Wednesday closed after the wards were flooded.
Just months after scores of Ugandans lost their lives when their cruise boat MV Templar capsised on Lake Victoria, the nation was this week gripped by fear when minister Ronald Kibuule lost his pair of twins in a swimming pool accident.
Walai omusajja ono abadde handsome.
Ethiopian Airlines has begun offering daily flights from Entebbe to Juba since August 05, 2014.
#Endviolence: Sexual violence against children is a gross violation of children’s rights!
🇺🇬#Uganda have won a record 15th CECAFA Senior Challenge Cup title after beating 🇪🇷#Eritrea 3-0 at StarTimes Stadium, Lugogo.
Security agencies over the weekend warned of eminent terror attacks in the region.
One of them is Cecilia Ogwal.
Nited NATIONS - South Sudan's President Salva Kiir has agreed to take part in an "unconditional dialogue" on ending deadly strife in the country, diplomats said Friday.
The International Monetary Fund has agreed to give Uganda a $1bn (about sh3.
Five more criminal counts have been added onto the charges against Kyadondo East MP Robert Kyagulanyi aka Bobi Wine and his co-accused in a case in which they are charged with treason.
The money will be available at sub county head quarters across the country.
This is just another way to swindle tax payers money.
Sunday Vision in partnership with Extreme Adventure Club Busiika invite you to win a "Father's Day Extreme Adventure at Busiika.
After the solemn religious rituals, it was the medical doctor's turn; to locate and put a mark where the hear of each man was located to provide the hooded marksmen with the bull's eyes for aiming.
Court in Mukono District has charged a thirty five-year old medical doctor with man slaughter.
Kyadondo East MP Robert Kyagulanyi aka Bobi Wine is on the #Times100Next as one of the rising stars in the world.
If someone will be prosecuted de better.
Egypt, which relies almost totally on the Nile for irrigation and drinking water, fears the Grand Ethiopian Renaissance Dam being built on the Blue Nile could reduce.
let the Kedi guy help you raise the money needed for the operation at CORSUS.
The Uganda shilling opened the week at 3658/3668 and closed the day marginally stronger at 3655/3665 despite some corporate demand within the market.
Annually the staff embarks on the Journey from the head office to Namugongo.
You could even add some carrots, broccoli or any other vegetables of your choice to this.
Report indicates women from western Uganda are getting fistula, more than any other part of Uganda.
I will lead the strike against this.
Naturally, you’ll flex to guard.
Two of the accused rapists have been remanded at Luzira Maximum prison after appearing in court earlier today.
He said the teachers should be patient, as there is no money this year.
The man "ordered the girl to kneel down, tied her hands and beat her".
I am a stay-at-home mother and have been married for three years now.
Lifehack: Watching your favourite movie over and over is good for you.
Govt plans to buy off Namugongo shrine neighbors.
Pupils will also go back to schools on Fridays after several weeks of closure on that day.
Daily news across the country.
"You'Re blessed beyond measure, you shall not die before your time.
They had taken English hooliganism in an orderly society.
Shaban Bantariza as Deputy Executive Director Uganda Media Centre.
With other women, especially sex workers.
An insight on the 2017/18 budget situation.
Maama wafe webale nnyo.
The New Vision added 10 new photos — in Fort Portal.
The New Vision is with Enyuk William.
Can you please tag Uganda Police Force and ministry of foreign affairs?
Whats wrong with new today!
T those taxes be used to save it from an economic crisis?
She said she had been pretending "for the better part" of her adult life.
Get a copy inside the New Vision #EPAPER-http://bit.
The four adults comprised of three old women who were above forty years and one man above 60 years.
Kobe Bryant announced Sunday that this will be his final season, the veteran Los Angeles Lakers star walking away as one of the greatest legends in NBA history.
The number of Ugandans applying for visas to the United Kingdom has declined from 9,000 in 2008 to 7,900 last year.
be open sh is yo mum.
American tourist kidnappers arrested.
Yeap, Modern law can not be a solution to every problem in our society but forgiveness through reconciliation does!
now big budget for what to a layman?
As we enter the final days of the London 2012 Olympics, there is a huge debate on the performance of the Ugandan team.
Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) has spoken out on the coffee bill.
Namatovu was part of the revelers who boarded a boat for a weekend fun-filled occasion, only for their fun to be cut short by strong winds that sunk the boat on.
He is Uganda's unrivalled star in the arena of Jazz.
Celebration inside Old Trafford.
“Make up your mind that no matter what comes your way, no matter how difficult, no matter how unfair, you will do more than simply survive.
am laughing at dat sentence 'wen boxing still needed his mentorship'.
Enough is enough we Yong for peace day and night.
The Electoral Commission has set Wednesday the date for the Kamuli municipality Woman MP by-election.
Hakim Tumwesigye, the promoter who contracted singer Iryn Namubiru has finally spoken out on the singer’s drug scandal.
Rwenzururu kingdom has postponed the post burial rituals for the Queen Mother.
Get their woes and why they have been troubled.
The team, comprising of Joel Basalaine, Denis Asaba, Michael Alunga and Ibrahim Aliga, came good on their promise, before they left, by edging out Morocco on the last day of the four-day championship; to qualify for the June 14-22 event.
The summit of the council of ministers for the Association for Strengthening Agricultural Research in Eastern and Central Africa (ASAREKA) scheduled for May 2-4 at Speke Resort Munyonyo in Kampala will also discuss integrated, sustainable technologies in Africa for smallholder farming systems.
A slum has sprouted a few metres away from the railway line in Namuwongo, K'la.
After this debacle, he laid low, proceeding to resurface six years later.
Fire Eaters: Inside Arua’s criminal Gang.
What else are we left with?
They sld not expect justice.
Police Tuesday visited the scene of what so far seems like a mysterious death of singer Emmanuel Mayanja detectives in a bid to unravel what exactly transpired.
25 million miles) away.
Crisps are not just a tasty snack.
The Rastoon for this day.
Could it be hunger, fatigue or sickness?
How can a body wiv full of false b a temple of God.
all they do is to raise audit queries and put a price on each query raised and get paid.
Vehicle badly damaged but the Mayor sustained slight injury.
#Beststartinlife: All children have the right to play!
Three people are feared dead and several others injured after a truck lost control and rammed into bodaboda riders and pedestrians in Mukono district today morning.
Behind every successful-man they's a wife.
London City Airport awaited its first flight in nearly three months Sunday as Britain moved another step closer to fully emerging from its coronavirus lockdown on July 4.
Photo taken at Busega.
It is common to hear ladies saying: “I cannnot have one boyfriend.
New barricades in different areas of the city.
We have the reasons in the New Vision.
Besigye filed a petition in the Constitutional Court challenging his trial.
The event was be attended by innovators, government officials, development partners, bankers and other private sector actors.
Ethiopia's ABSHERO Ayele lying 4th1:30:51.
By Esther NamugojiUS scientists are working on a pill to prevent infidelity and curb rising cases of divorce, according to a report published in a Kenyan newspaper.
But we were surprised that he could go so far to look good for the camera.
Find out what his other side was like, in Ofwono Opondos's opinion, only in Sunday Vision.
She doesnt know how many families she has affected.
The Uganda Communications Commission (UCC) has been given two months to crack the whip on telecom companies sending unsolicited messages to their customers.
Human beings are not clones.
I thank Mr Sikander Lalani for being a good example and contributing greatly to Uganda's economy economy.
"I am the leader of the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) and I intend to contest for the presidency in 2016.
I dont know where we are heading.
White ur young in muzic ind.
Justice Martin Muya said the police failed to prove beyond reasonable doubt that the pair was culpable.
At this makes me a little emotional.
UCI's first event is a Fans day, Saturday at Lugogo where fans will interact with the Cranes players.
We survived three times, me and Maama here,” Museveni said.
Why #Uganda president #Museveni tells NRM caucus he will sign anti-gay bill into law .
The body is still at Arua Hospital mortuary.
Add noodles and fry for 5 minutes over med heat.
Should we continue taking our vows or is a visit to the parents just fine?
Thank you REGIME AGENT.
Police has arrested Vincent Aliganyira, 23, suspected of murdering his wife Katwesigye Aliganyira with a hand hoe following a domestic dispute.
Great fake degrees super recall quick.
The New Vision is with Rutahigwa Johnson and Ivan Leve Holy.
59b while domestic debt amount to $4.
The name is the same used by a group of hackers that has targeted Sony in the past, though it was not possible to verify the Twitter account's authenticity.
These guys stole votes on daylight and declared themselves winners.
A couple and a pastor in Kitoma village, Matale sub-county, Kibaale district has been arrested over allegedly flouting the presidential directive on social gatherings.
Did this lady just say that Byanyima would be trounced by NRM achievements like success in combating corruption and improvements in infrastructure?
· Skirting: what it is and why you need it.
Museveni combs Jinja in support of Nabeta .
Gravity wouldn't be so friendly with that art piece.
What has fueled this drug abuse?
She has never walked, and has not known a life without diapers, as she cannot control urine and stool.
Breaking: Kampala Central MP Muhammed Nsereko has been granted bail by Tororo Magistrates Court.
I do not seem to be able to dissuade him, but the fact is that I will not say no if I am approached by a man I like.
Details in the New Vision-https://vpg.
When I succeed in them, I will praise you!
For information on the fees structure, see poster below.
But Uganda if it was a vehicle it's even beyond repair ate gwe everyday billions lost here and there who is concerned now?
Buy today's New Vision for the full story.
Have you read this story?
82 seconds at the finishing line in the Olympic Stadium in Munich, Germany.
Find out why Musa Kalule earned a 100-year jail term for wages of his sins.
I am worried about my sister because she is in an abusive marriage.
Always a soldier will die a soldier!
The National Unity Platform (NUP) has implored the Government to empower anti-corruption agencies for a successful fight against corruption.
Bruhan Byaruhanga with a total of 18 votes has been elected deputy speaker of the KCCA council.
In Kenya, elephants are not confined to national parks and reserves so confrontations between farmers and crop-raiding elephants can pose all kinds of problems.
So today, we celebrate them.
Wano the west keeps on telling us about the good in family planning but truth be told, a big population is the most sure way to quick development.
Who is fooling who naye?
but the yellow colour was there even in 70s.
A comprehensive analysis of the biggest news stories.
Aliban insurgents killed at least 130 people, most of them children, after storming an army-run school in Pakistan on Tuesday in one of the country's bloodiest attacks in recent years.
"Have I not commanded you?
#Golf: Rory McIlroy wins #TheOpen.
Had we not worked hard overnight, millions could have gotten killed this morning.
In addition, PSG face charges after fireworks were lit by their supporters, as well as for "acts of damages" and "crowd disturbance".
The pope talks to those who visit him at the Apostolic Palace without wearing a face mask.
Mps Odonga Otto, Mariam Nalubega, Vicent Bagire and committee chairperson Paula Turyahikayo noted that sending unsolicited messages tantamount to "invasion of privacy".
The New Vision is with Musa Majoba.
many of somali fled the country living in allien lands.
Wipe the roof of the mouth, tongue, cheeks and gum.
Are these new 42 days oba?
At least 13 other people suspected to have the Marburg virus are admitted in health centres countrywide, but all have tested negative.
u just don't want anything dealing with work.
But what exactly is the problem?
The God choose him the title of the composition to revealed the secret.
Testifies against Meddie Ssentongo.
Zambia Training - Not mind games!
✍ On this day 16 years ago .
Had enough time to repent his pro sodomy activism hell is no respector of bishops.
Experts note that the type of food you will eat and the way it is prepared might have an impact on your health days after Christmas is gone.
Research has shown that kids need a minimum of five caring adults to help them grow up happy and healthy.
The speed at which they are moving is impressive, including bringing you people (public servants) to Kyankwanzi to remove cobwebs in your brains’ – President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni.
I like it that your Luganda sister paper Bukkede has its own little version of pakasa.
Will he understand the local football of Uganda so quickly ?
From your little bro.
I am 25 and he is 30 years old.
I lav Bobi #mwaaaaaaa.
In 1946, an infamous health organization carried out a study in Guatemala wherein they wanted to test the effectiveness of penicillin on syphilis.
Ukraine column carrying the Ukraine and Soviet flags has reached #Russian checkpoint.
Zimbabwe'S former Vice President Joice Mujuru has launched a new opposition party - Zimbabwe People First.
The New Vision added 23 new photos.
What would you say Gasiya.
The Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation and Library confirmed Nancy Reagan’s death in a message on its website.
Be the first to grab your copy of the Sunday Vision; now on sale-https://vpg.
My president HE Dr. Colonel Kizza Besigye will rule my country.
He denied the charge and immediately applied for bail.
And would love to spend the rest of my life with him.
Kcca is set to gazette areas where service providers will collect garbage free of charge, as one of the measures to improve sanitation in the city.
Let's not hesitate to concede the fact that some of those sh**t hole leaders give more premium treatment to refugees than the tax payers!
The blobfish, a denizen of the Pacific that looks like a bald, grumpy old man, has been named the world's ugliest animal, organisers of the offbeat competition said on Thursday.
You know her well, because she is no alien to you.
The truth EBOLA is man made just like HIV AIDS,not animals.
The day is dedicated to world peace, with focus on ending war and violence that remains a threat to livelihood and human development.
Your words and actions as a parent affect their developing self-esteem more than anything else.
Grade I Magistrate George Watyekere remanded the trio to Luzira Prison until December 22, 2014.
Security has been mounted at the porous border with people entering into the country being screened.
Check out Nadia Excel Recruitment Limited for job opportunities or call 0754188412 or 0760348272 or click nadia-excel.com for more information.
With 10,000dollars making up to 36,500,000(36.
Who said it treats athritis after all.
But cat they build it in another region.
Utb and UEGCL have signed a MOU to transform Karuma and Isimba dams into tourist destinations.
This is the Round of 16 draw.
Who do you fancy to take the three points?
Apart from paying our school fees, we also use part of the profits to buy food and clothes,” Ayet narrates.
아무리 힘센자도 늙으면 그만이고 아무리 부자라도 하루 아침에 거지가 될 수 있고 아무리 핵무기가 많아도 모두가 다 죽으면 그 무슨 의미가 있겠는가!
The rice harvested this season has been disastrous in terms of quality.
A grenade attack killed at least one person in the Rwandan capital Kigali on Friday, three days before elections, police said.
Development Infrastructure (DI) together with the Federation of Motorsport Clubs of Uganda have partnered to construct the first-ever motocross track worth sh500m at Ayivu village, Pokea Parish, Pajulu ward in Arua City.
Cook for 12 to 15 minutes, until chicken juices run clear.
I often hear some religious leaders bashing him in the media and within a few days they are cutting cake with him celebrating years of existence of an institution or even launching one.
#Fact: Queen Amina of Zazzau.
Are they really Parising the Lord ?
William Ruto arrived in Uganda late Wednesday, his first visit to Uganda as deputy president of Kenya.
<P>"Welcome back home, Max"!
Hmmm, something is happening in your life but don't worry, I think its not your right time to get married to another man.
#Urbanupdates: Minister Sarah Opendi has vowed to crack down on illegal miners.
The New Vision is with Bashunikana Benon and 4 others.
[Picture] President Yoweri Museveni meets members of the Uganda North America Youth Development Association in New York, USA.
The New Vision is with Harrison Opondo Obiajulu.
Manchester United forward Rooney asked fans to be "safe and sensible", but not to travel to France without tickets.
Please note that official receipts are issued for advertisements.
Government to hire UK firm to build maize silos.
Miss Teen 2016 kicks off.
The fire which started at about 3.
If Cranes register a 1-0 win over Africa Champions Zambia tomorrow, it means this decisive Nations Cup qualifying fixture will then have to be decided in a penalty shoot-out, writes Fred Kaweesi.
New vision u are such a disgrace I can say u are rotten until u clear the air about the youth elections.
I called the gentleman at the Ministry of Health again; he was surprised that no one had followed up.
Uganda is one of the countries grappling with a high number of premature babies, which strains the health budget and retards development, experts have disclosed.
So he was from Luwero?
The leaders maintained their earlier position to boycott all activities of the electoral commission until such a time when the President resolves the outstanding.
When it comes to certain things its "Rubbish in and Rubbish out", so regardless of age, good feeding is a must.
I can say let us go on a holiday to an island and he will say no because there might be a storm.
Cnn takes River Nile,Gorillas global.
Uganda Premier League Champions Vipers SC beat Maroons 1-0 to close in on table leaders KCCA in the Azam Premier League in Luzira.
Floods have cut off the road to Kampala city around Usafi Market.
Lets stop doing thing out of the Law, Meanwhile URA has to pay the fines.
Whereas there is a very high awareness of the message, there is not as much by way of behaviour change from the consumers, a large percentage of who are male.
After all, she has returned to her family and her longtime friend, Gale.
An HIV/AIDS report by advocacy organisations in Uganda indicates that new transmissions are on the rise amidst troubling trends of increasing prevalence and incidence.
“Many people will walk in and out of your life but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart”.
His wife's body was retrieved last night.
Can I count on you to do yours?
The STRUGGLE IS REAL!
Police is still stuck with 17 bodies after the Kyambura oil tanker inferno.
Patience Amutuhaire, 21, from Kabale Diocese is the first Ugandan pilgrim to arrive at Namugongo for this year’s pilgrimage, as faithfuls worldwide start the “great trek”.
#Tuskerprojectfame #Auditions:That moment when you have to leave your family behind and stand out.
'I issued the decree to ensure safety.
However, my fear is he might look at it as an ultimatum and he acts stubbornly.
A member of the clergy has narrated sexual harassment ordeal.
Kcca probes tycoons over 103 city property ownership.
"If you can't describe what you are doing as a process, you don't know what you're doing," W. Edwards Deming.
3% are children (below 18 years), 32.
The role of passion in molding successful entrepreneurs cannot be overstated.
I'm very certain that in all countries where safe houses exist even the president himself can NOT be allowed to access them!
Over 70 jobs .
local council's already hv stamps.
30am: 10 HOURS TO GO.
Is there value for such money.
-Expressway murder: Security still puzzled.
Finland announced on Tuesday it would block entry for foreign travellers who have not been vaccinated against Covid-19, as it steps up its fight against the highly mutated Omicron variant.
"What I need is to have Bobi Wine convicted of dishonesty about his age such that he becomes unfit to stand for the presidency," says Mabirizi.
She adds that stakeholders should be open-minded because the vice takes various forms.
Sam Mayanja is one of the many people who had made themselves private owners of Baganda's customary land which is known as Akenda ( 9000sqmls) by giving themselves freehold titles on it using district land boards .
Should it be the role of the state to regulate who drinks what, when and how?
Do we really hv to 'Find out' frm New vision?
The fibre optic cable is supposed to link 20 major towns, make Internet accessible and affordable to the majority of Ugandans.
Geoffrey Kyomuhendo, the Kingdom spokesperson.
Miss Uganda in World finals.
Let's wait and see then.
Hard to top that.
Bishop Sheldon Mwesigwa called for a serious probe by UNEB and government in schools that are suspected to have cheated for students and concerted efforts in curbing the vice.
But in UGANDA we have another version of apartheid that needs only naming.
Patrick Kankiriho, the fallen commander of the UPDF Second Division, will be buried at his ancestral home in Rushere, Kiruhura district on Thursday.
State Minister for primary education Rosemary Sseninde has urged teachers to respect their profession saying that many teachers lack morals which leads them to queer habits.
Picture of the day: You risk being dumped by a beautiful girl if she jumps higher than you during this traditional dance.
Gov'T orders private schools on Salaries.
Government will soon restore Facebook once the negotiations are over, State minister in charge of national guidance, in the ministry of Information, Communication and Technology and National Guidance has said.
We have never had sex and thus I cannot fulfil his condition.
Y is dis V POT TRAP powerful dat it catchs both d small and mighty.
We have to work for ourselves and our families.
"It's amazing what a little dash of spice, sprinkle of herbs, pinch of lemon zest, or squirt of lime juice can do to liven up a dish—and your diet," says Newgent.
Kitende buys 50 rosaries.
no wonder Yoweri Museveni is leading you for over 30 years.
If I find anybody hiking the price of food, We shall cancel licences of these crooks.
the next headline Will be about displacements and homelessness.
At times you need to think twice not to just talk and talk nonsense those who are talking about boycotting what people boycott on you as you fake minds and hopeless.
You want to discredit him for what he did for the country recently !
If your child can’t read yet, use drawings or symbols to show the activities of each day.
May your soul rest in Peace!
According to a staff at the hospital, Jennifer Nalukwago was subsequently admitted to the facility later that day but died on Friday, five days after her admission to the hospital.
And what do you say about acts of homesextuality that is  secretly being taught to our Ugandan school children in some schools in Uganda!
The commission recommended that Kahuma be relieved of his duties with immediate effect.
Unfortunately, to little is done and the big fishes with relatives and friends always get away.
Who realized his dictatorship in 68 days?
The Court of Appeal has ordered that businesman Kato Kajubi must be retried on murder charges related to the killing of a 12-year-old boy, Joseph Kasirye, in a suspected ritual sacrifice:http://cot.
Abaganda bagamba nti; OW'EMPAKA AKUNAMA EBIRI, their stupidity is making them lose more and more, they know the truth but that STURBONNESS is still costing them more and until the last nail into thier coffin!
Put a smile on someone's face this Easter.
The New Vision is with Edema Richard and 15 others.
John Bagunywa Sebutinde, represented the wife at the ceremony.
"I'M not running, but I'm going to keep on working and speaking and standing up for what I believe," Clinton said Monday in an interview with News 12, a local TV channel in New York.
51' ⚽️ UNITED GET GOAL NUMBER FOUR!
A police officer attached to the cyber-crime directorate has testified that Stella Nyanzi’s Facebook post made on September 16, 2018 contained obscene and indecent words against the President.
Waiting for that #COVID19 relief mobile money message from the Government?
China, the source of racism.
Seven officers, who were rescued from the helicopter which crash-landed in bad weather on the slopes of Mt.
Many people have misunderstood the hint behind top political official going for their treatment out of Uganda, its not bout Nairobi being better than Mulago but fear of their life to those who can understand .
The New Vision is with Wangila Ronald.
Nothing given to the two women.
Msgr Kasibante asked Catholics to always yearn to receive the Eucharist, which he described as “the highest expression of the Catholic faith”.
Lord, grant us tenacious winsome courage as we go through this day.
I mean I do like him but I don't want history to repeat itself.
By the age of 13, he had lost both his parents to HIV/AIDS-related illnesses forcing him to work as fish monger in order to fend for his younger siblings.
The 58-year-old former president, who left power nearly three years ago with his popularity soaring, is quietly watching to see who in his party will duke it out.
Traditional healer apologises to Speaker Rebecca Kadaga.
President Yoweri Museveni met counterparts from the Great Lakes Region in Congo Brazaville over the weekend for a one day mini summit on regional security.
"This is to allow the hospital to restock on these essential items".
Nemostars Volleyball Club are Champions of the Ndejje Open Volleyball Championship whose final had been delayed for a year-http://bit.
I am the last-born in my family.
<P><Em>The Red Devils are now four points behind fourth-placed Arsenal with a game in hand.
The New Vision is with Mulugeta Mohammed and 5 others.
#Harvestmoneyexpo underway at Namboole Stadium.
The Government is to prioritise registration of all vessels on the country's lakes in the new financial year starting July, Fisheries state Minister Hellen Ondoa has said.
Kony, 50, who speaks broken English and Acholi, has only rarely met outsiders but in an interview with a western journalist in 2006 he declared that he was "not a terrorist" and had not committed atrocities.
Video of the Czech president pocketing a pen he took an obvious liking to during an official signing ceremony last week in Chile became widely popular on the Internet.
Am francis Ai want in things Ai sell give me your gift.
It will help each & every one to know wat iz important 2 sing it o to respect it when its heard anywhere.
According to Robert Kalumba, the KCCA assistant spokesperson, the project is expected to start before the end of the year.
Four goals, a wonder and historic net-busting goal, brilliant play and a place into the final round of the Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers, who says you, do not get full value for your money?
Behind every great cup of Ugandan coffee you enjoy is an equally great story.
Just IN: The East African Legislative Assembly has overwhelmingly voted to impeach Speaker Margaret #Zziwa.
What is your say on this?
The Police is offering up to sh100m as a reward to anyone who can identify the voice of the suspected killer of Susan Magara, a cashier at Bwendero Dairy Farm (BDF) -- see more at: https://goo.
Calling u & me come 2da lord.
#Breaking: Fighter jets hovering over held #AlShabab town of Dinsor in south Somalia’s Bay region.
Bambi he was burnt like rat justice weyayu?
And thought this policy had been banned!
Buy a copy of The New Vision and find out.
Security experts believe the fraud was orchestrated by immigration department employees for personal monetary gain.
Dr Gerald Mutungi, the program manager non-communicable diseases at the Ministry of Health said most medications and herbal medicines are poisonous to the kidney.
I don't know whether it's because he's got a fear of commitment or whether he just doesn't like me that much and is just enjoying the company without the ties.
Everyday has a sun no matter how your hurting.
Twakowa some of our parents have been losing since bosco came into power.
Y. K. MUSEVENI," writes opposition MP Odonga Otto.
Lets comment positively giving kasaijja better options of managing the dollars .
Over the years, my goal and outlook on life has totally changed.
'It is unacceptable that someone should be paying millions of shillings for COVID-19 treatment with no proper justification.
So, until we figure out who it was, I consider her release a possible case of police corruption or incompetence.
#Muhoozi has never stood for any post at village level how can he stand for Presidency.
these guys want to reduce the number of africans we are many yet they are scrambling to take over Africa.
Very soon we shall see a condolence message from Mr president with a package of 20.
At least two million children aged five to 17 are engaged in child labour, the first Child Labour report released by the Uganda Bureau of Statistics (UBOS) reveals.
so that dz who failed 2 produce walk or live alone.
Seems today is 1st April,where is their commander,so these 2 officers killed 57 people in different parts of the country,it's a matter of time, the innocent people who were murdered in November 2020 ,will get justice one day.
#Ssebaggala: My Lord, everybody has got different sense.
Please next time come to mbale,BCU has better quality coffee u can use as a picture.
After experimenting with mustard gas, ricin, digitoxin, and other awful chemicals, the most efficient poison - C-2 - was developed.
Clinical trials of 1 of the most advanced experimental Covid-19 vaccines being developed by pharmaceutical company AstraZeneca and Oxford University, "paused" after a volunteer developed an unexplained illness.
He becomes happier, which makes me happier as well,” said.
This country the usual give when they are taking away.
Instead of confiscating the poles u just shot the tires .
Daily news across the country New Vision TV offers analyzed news content on trending stories in Uganda, be it politics, business, and the day today life This.
The attack happened on Wednesday at the Mana Pools game reserve after the woman apparently left the protection of the vehicle she had been travelling in.
Relationships: Stop taking your partner for granted and appreciate your mate.
“Integrity is telling myself the truth.
Maybe I'm missing something here.
Lemons are rich in vitamin C, which makes them work effectively in treating common cold .
The National Resistance Movement has received a donation of 20 Yamaha motorcycles worth sh100m, to facilitate the coordination of its activities.
Novak Djokovic has pulled out of this week's ATP Cup in Sydney, organisers said on Wednesday, heightening doubts over whether he will defend his Australian Open title.
He is the man to cary UG Forward.
I recently got back in touch with a guy from school; I’ve not seen him in 19 years.
Video highlights of cross-party, anti-EU Grassroots Out rally, London.
The charge against the embattled former police athletics coach, Peter Wemali, has been amended from rape to aggravated defilement following a medical examination on the accused which indicated that he is HIV positive.
More in the New Vision -https://vpg.
She told me she was seeing someone when I asked her about a month ago, but since the guy does not come with her, I figured I would win her over with time.
Court has blocked government compensation to the Kabaka.
“There are health benefits to being prosocial as opposed to focusing socially on the self,” he notes.
Mps want the DPP to reinstate the case regarding UBC transmitter mast theft against Kabakumba Masiko, the former minister for presidency.
Her new husband is Mr Abdi Wahid, whom the paper said is currently in Europe and freely moves around.
Details in The New Vision.
Through it, the future of a nation is defined locally and on the global stage.
A special tribute to Zebra 'Mando' Senyange.
President Yoweri Museveni is launching the 2nd edition of his critically acclaimed book Sowing the Mustard Seed which contains a graphic account of a turbulent period in Uganda and provides an insider’s account of the wasted years following Amin’s overthrow in 1979 and the arduous task of rebuilding a shattered nation.
Please make us an instrument of your peace to the brokenhearted.
They play Rwanda in the finals.
However, there were no people to address.
The Central African Republic has endured a long series of coups and rebellions since gaining independence from France in 1960.
#Photo: President Museveni at Ruimi Prison Farm.
It requires 616 reams of paper".
Government dismisses AfroBarometer survey on the age limit.
Reigning champions Hima Heathens proved too strong for Toyota Buffaloes by muscling them aside with a 33-20 victory at Kyadondo Rugby Grounds on Saturday.
Yo asking who he is?
Ministry explains COVID-19 results variations, details in the New Vision.
<P><Em>"The country will contain and will defeat this assault by these criminal forces and elements," says Dr. Ruhakana Rugunda.
I thought he would never die when he was shooting people.
Photo by Tony Rujuta.
The suspects are said to have been snatching phones, necklaces, laptops, bags and other items they could get hold of.
Coffee farmers dnt need that nonsense of registration too, Leave the population to survive with available means, monopolies hv let the nation dwn.
The dead children were identified as Brian Asiimwe, 8, Haustin Kyomuhendo, 3 and Peace Kansiimire, 9.
First fumigate your homes if it's among the preventive measures.
Find out how you can use Newspapers in teaching the curriculum.
Teachers grant ( 10 Billions )shared among two bank mafias and today more heart breaking news ,Nurses grant (444 Millions )eaten up by a lawyer.
“Ms Shanita Namuyimba has been living in Rwanda for two months now after arriving from Bangkok, Thailand in July 2013.
My phone was on the worktop behind me.
I don't they will be a threat to the immunised.
#Bgexpoug: This June, the Bride & Groom Expo presents "I DO AND BEYOND"!
So - where are the women in these men’s lives?
Racial discrimination officially ended in South Africa in 1994 when the-then liberation movement, the African National Congress (ANC), swept to power.
Before the government gives accountability of the money it got from donations why are they tempering with public service salaries.
Mugabe missed a step as he walked off a podium Wednesday at Harare International Airport where he was addressing supporters after returning from Ethiopia where he was elected African Union chairman last week.
Real were missing Gareth Bale and Marcelo through injury, while Karim Benzema was replaced at half-time.
Investigations are continuing into a second man using stolen documents.
Renowned court bailiff, Moses Kirunda, is set to appear before the General Court Martial (GCM) over the murder of a businessman using a firearm, the State House Anti-Corruption Unit has revealed.
Remember Barack Obama, now Theresa May!
We must strive to be moved by a generosity of spirit that will enable us to outgrow the hatred and conflicts of the past.
David Sejusa’s retirement that was scheduled for July this year but was subsequently postponed, will be considered in the future.
Other than creating divisions among people.
Who are those terrorists, then anytym they can over throw M7's regime.
It means Nigeria - should they qualify for next year's finals - would lose their place at the tournament if Fifa acts over the latest development in the crisis affecting Nigerian football.
Young people here expressing negative views about Ssematimba's decision to sit s6 need to learn a few things from him.
Time to blow it off right here.
Us President Donald Trump told the UN General Assembly that China must be held accountable by the world for its actions over the Covid-19 pandemic.
Uganda’S commercial banks have weathered the disruptions occasioned by the coronavirus for the last 12 months.
ug and video to 0797345461 via whatsapp.
"To respect Johan and his family's privacy and because tests have not been finalised, no further information will be given at this stage," Thate added.
The airline, which was Uganda's flag carrier, was established in 1976.
Ssenyange told New Vision in an interview after USPA members in their November assembly at Imperial Royale Hotel voted the rally crew of Ronald Ssebuguzi and Leone Ssenyange as Nile Special USPA sports personality of the month of October.
As the year drew to a close, the emergence of the Omicron variant pushed the number of daily new Covid-19 cases past one million for the first time |.
A generation which only thinks of bribes, embezzlement, corruption, stealing whatever the case may be!
Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in.
But what communities are hosting these refugees and how is life there?
They may well burn them, since they went to hell anyway!
The British Council is supporting organisations with grants to combat Climate change in the Country.
Avoid caffeine after 2:00 p.m. Caffeine has a half-life of six hours, which means that six hours after your last sip, half the caffeine is still in your body.
#Kenya'S president signs Marriage Act 2014 into law; it allows men to marry as many women as they please without consulting their wives.
See details and pictures;.
The candidates on Monday morning started with physics.
Phone makers to focus on foldable screens and introduction of blazing fast 5G wireless networks at the world's biggest mobile fair starting Monday in Spain.
Inside the hall, Jacqueline was not allocated at the high-table, but was given a chair to seat together with other women leaders.
New vision if there is some thing u can do,for the people of uganda.
She gambled on me.
Baali bamanyi ga esi ebatya.
Both the parliamentary finance committee and the budget committees have refused to approve sh10b, which the Government had allocated to the banana initiative in the next budget.
We have simon cowell to in africa!
The New Vision is with Nasheipris Sheillah.
Now who is in charge of this huge country.
The Government has started registering teachers who will support the initiative of teaching learners from their homes.
The Chief magistrate is still reading other counts now.
“You just can’t beat the person who won’t give up”.
One of former Angolan president Jose Eduardo dos Santos' daughters, a serving lawmaker for the ruling party, has claimed she was forced to "flee" the country after being intimidated.
<P>The women’s coach and the Uganda Cricket Association(UCA) have parted ways by mutual consent.
Vision Group Editorial staff members are known to have an incredibly tight schedule, which makes it hard for them to participate in certain leisure activities.
The only good news she can give the country if she was truly sent by God is to ask the same God to enable her resign and go to preach in churches when they open!
The judge will have died before he fishes his sentence.
Alex Thomas talks to golden boy Kiprotich.
“Since we already have many tribes in Uganda I see no problem in adding another tribe of Indians in the Constitution,” says President Museveni.
Located on Biku Hill, just 18 km away from Nebbi town, Prayer Palace is the smallest Church in the world.
New health minister warns lazy officials https://vpg.
Also, don’t miss study material for top and baby class.
-Uganda produces its own food, what has then led to the hiking of prices?
The court immediately ordered the hearing of the main petition seeking to unseat the Expelled MPs to start without any further delay on August 21, 2013.
Stand Alone Weighted Average Rates for buying and selling of USD as of Tuesday 28th April 2015.
The Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) politician got 35%, while president-elect, Yoweri Museveni, polled 60%.
I congratulate Uganda Cranes upon your triumph.
He directly and indirectly employs over 5,000 people in Uganda, Rwanda ,Tanzania and Mozambique.
'I know people who seem mentally stable but will read a WhatsApp text put together in a seemingly orderly manager but it is utter nonsense within the first ten words.
How can you expect an English letter with proper grammatic expressions from such souls?
23 year old Daniel Kaweesa is the winner of the Coca Cola Rated Next singing competition’s staked sh50m jackpot and a recording deal with renowned producer Steve Jean’s Fenon Records.
Stephen Kaziimba installed as the 9th Archbishop of the Church Of Uganda at Namirembe Cathedral.
Next time he will tell us that he was late to lock down by a day internal transport that's why 10 cases have been registered in Kabaale.
Eli Katunguka has emphasised the need to further prioritise girl child education.
Bishop Sheldon Mwesigwa called for a serious probe by UNEB and government in schools that are suspected to have cheated for students and concerted efforts in curbing.
The New Vision is with Kato Zziwa.
My views are ever independent!
She will encounter 49 chimps on Ngamba Island in Lake Victoria that have been rescued from traffickers over the years.
Over 270 people in Uganda took their lives between January and June 2020, according to a Police report.
Lots of tributes from the music world are already flowing in.
2 trillion for Uganda’s conservation efforts.
And How Can U Improve Science's Inthe Nation Without Offering Doctors Schlarships.
Sepp #Blatter has announced he will stand for a fifth term as #Fifa president in 2015.
Almost half of the continent's population (43 percent) was living below the poverty line in 2012, defined as surviving on less than $1.
Wat abt president reshafle.
So I believe the judge is right in this situation.
Are YOU PROUD OF THE KIND OF WORK YOU DO?
Cut in margarine or butter until mixture resembles coarse crumbs.
"The greatest legacy one can pass on to one's children and grandchildren is not money or other material things accumulated in one's life, but rather a legacy of character and faith," Billy Graham.
The legislator was charged at Buganda Road Court this afternoon along with seven others.
The good that men do is buried with their bones and the bad lives after them.
The Archbishop of the Church of the Province of Uganda, the Most Rev.
Get your free pull out in Saturday Vision.
The International Narcotics Control Board (INCB) warned that the move would endanger young people and "contribute to the earlier onset of addiction".
On some days, we slept hungry, but on a few blessed days, we saw chicken and beef on our plates,” Kiyimba recalls.
ESTABLISH THE CONDITIONS OF SUSPECTS AND THEIR PROPERITIES AND GIVE THE PUBLIC THE REPORT.
What'S the situation like on your side?
President Yoweri Museveni has said that the MP for Kampala Central Muhammed Nsereko is free to join the opposition if he so wishes.
Tell us what you think about family businesses.
How safe is bleaching by injection?
Salim Uhuru is undisputedly Kampala’s foremost pilao guru but did you know how he has made it thus far?
Let us show love to the courageous people with noble qualities in our lives.
Believe mi am 3 times beta dan massa .
The Constitutional court of Appeal has today halted the criminal proceedings against former VP Prof Gilbert Bukenya, pending the hearing & determination of his Constitutional petition challenging the proceeding http://see.
Army recovers gun linked to Kaweesi killers.
The shilling depreciated 0.
The women note that despite the existing policy frameworks and laws on gender parity, the majority of women remain employed in lower positions in the public sector.
Musinguzi claims his family is being inconvenienced by noise from Boda Boda Bar located at Garden City.
Find out why travelers are forced to walk in order to cross the border in and out of Rwanda.
Igella disconnected his television from DSTV to enable him watch urban television which is viewed on free air.
Come ready to meet your Bakers, Free Cake Tasting, Celebrity Bake-offs, Kids Bake-offs, Cake Competition, Games, Music, Live Djs, Music Band, Live performances, also Nyama choma and all drinks you can think about 🤸.
We often hear people say patience is worth it, yet we don’t practice it.
Most importantly, if he/she’s influential, he/she can earn you recommendations for special projects or teams that you might not have been considered for otherwise.
Father as the world grapples with finding ways to end the coronavirus pandemic, we too pray for your divine wisdom.
Any candidate who contravenes the laws and guidelines issued by the Electoral Commission (EC) will strictly be penalized.
Uganda to make significant progress towards health equity and economic growth, it must devote resources and expand investments to build health worker capacity and their compensation |.
The 27-year-old Belgian, who has been at Chelsea since 2012, is a target for Spain's European champions Real Madrid.
German football does not disappoint on goals.
Mr.Lemeri i trust my correction.
The call was made by Caleb Kipande, the former chairman of the board of directors of Kayonza Growers Tea Factory.
As you can see, it was a tight first-half contest at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.
The Resident District Commissioner (RDC) for Soroti, Robert Adiama has urged teachers to embrace a saving culture as the only way of achieving living a sustainable life even after retirement.
abit complicated to understand the real meaning.
I later joined Senior six where I was asked to pay the registration fees, my father made a U-Turn on me stating that I’m not “clever enough,” to pass S.6 because i had failed and repeated several classes.
During the launch event for the iphone 5s, Apple CEO, Apple CEO Tim Cook told the crowd that “we don’t pack in feature after feature”.
GOD IS THE ULTIMATE JUDGE.
E-Copy here j.mp/PchT9K pic.
So Sustainable Whatever Is A Dream!
The so called investors of m7 he brings them and he orders how much a person should be paid,How do u wedge some one without knowing the state his or her is working from,nosense!
The Commonwealth Champion's 92.
Do you think these stats changed?
It would take at least a decade to complete the translation, he said.
The story paints a picture of why the IK people, a minority tribe found in northeastern Uganda, are the most oppressed of the oppressed in Uganda; how they fight for survival and their way of life.
Proud of our own athlete for always flying our flag high.
The Uganda Revenue Authority (URA) froze Makerere University’s bank account over a sh1.
Markets and shopping malls in New Delhi will be allowed to reopen from Monday in a further easing of the Covid-19 lockdown, the chief minister said as infections fall in major Indian cities after weeks of restrictions.
The death toll from a shooting spree across multiple locations in Colorado, which ended when the gunman was himself shot dead, has risen to five, Police has said.
What do you think on the matter of the joint account?
My Generals are in constant touch with him.
Esther and Ezekiel are here people.
Somalis traveling Between Baidao(Bay Region) and Afgooye (Lowe Shabelle Region).
Parenting Tip: Give appropriate praise.
The New Vision is with Richard Byaruhanga.
Makerere University management has asked the university council to raise accommodation and feeding fees with effect from August.
The New Vision is with Jimmy Carter Kibwota and Fibonacci Shakur Jackson.
Get the full story of what happened, in the New Vision.
Odofi Onyango has reportedly gone into hiding from the Police since the incident occurred.
The health minister, Dr. Jane Ruth Aceng has discussed with the UK High Commissioner to Uganda, Kate Airey, modalities on how Uganda can access more COVID-19 vaccines.
It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being.
The dutch are believed to be the World's leading farmers.
“The railway has left an indelible mark, it has influenced our economy, our culture and our society”.
African Union warns Burundi president against seeking a third term in office.
Veteran TV personality Bbale Francis is alive and well.
Es don't close because of prayer .
You’D never believe that Morayo is a senior citizen as she carries herself as if she’s in her 40’s – she dances, she enjoys music, she wants a tattoo, she has perfect memory, she still drives her Porsche, she has lots and lots of books that occupy her time, she is childless (and not broken by it) – Morayo is basically old lady goals!
Lionel Muhangi, son of the late rally ace driver, Charles Muhangi has appealed to President Yoweri Museveni to intervene once again in the matter of his father’s estate.
The New Vision is with Ssekitooleko Emmanuel.
And there's an average of obeying parents and that of not obeying and respcting them instead .
Developing part of Uganda's first free zone has commenced and is expected to be completed in the next six months.
Big Eye was the best entertainer of the day at Toto festival.
Nyamityobora struggling through financial woes.
Incoming IGP, Okoth Ochola and Sabiiti Muzei, Deputy IGP at Naguru Police Headquarters for the handover.
Regardless of how you feel.
Who will represent Arua municipality in Parliament?
#Urbanupdates: Eight cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in the last 24 hours.
Uganda Law Society calls for reinstating pre-entry exams for law students to cure LDC failure rate.
The New Vision is with Pretty Gal.
Let's ask God to protect us and our families.
Woe to him through whom it's working.
A good headache for the Director of the Closing ceremony!
This is terrible, Uganda and Isreal who should be donating refugees?
He presented the findings of the post-mortem which showed that his lungs and liver had problems.
Kizito Mihigo is on trial along with three co-accused on charges including conspiracy to murder, complicity in a terrorist act and conspiring against the government of Rwandan strongman and President Paul Kagame.
The New Vision added 27 new photos.
He z not part of the stealing vampires commanded by Muhakanizi.
Some times Science inovations do not readily sink into routine life situations.
A Leader that is accountable to his People.
'Right from the beginning at NRM inception, the population has been able to grow, but why doesn't the number of people with disabilities reduce?
A former prisoner, who was on death row, has taken Attorney General Peter Nyombi, commissioner of Prisons Dr. Johnson Byabashaija and internal affairs minister Gen.
Good job at photo shot, thou you forgot to import shadows.
directed_target_id=0 Vision for more of such stories.
Gor Mahia&#39;s Sserunkuma to get Uganda Cranes call at last Mzee Dan Sserunkuma will be given an opportunity to   fight for nationa.
The New Vision is with James Eugene Onyok.
Toto: What the children have learnt from the Toto Magazine.
Government DIRECTS ON XMAS SALARIES,PENSIONS.
Africell Uganda has folded its operations in Uganda, citing fierce competition in the telecom sector.
91 - Kenya's Rudisha breaks 800m world record.
Covid-19 is getting worse, Museveni warns.
I am quite sure if Ugandans tried to takeover India, they too would be expelled.
2005: Forum for democratic Change (FDC) party president Col (rtd) Dr Kizza Besigye took photographs for nomination as a presidential candidate taken from Luzira Prision.
However, Muhoozi was found dead today Wednesday morning in the cell, of what the three police officers said was due to illness.
Get yourself a copy of The New Vision and Orumuri on Monday (16th Dec 2019) for all WESTERN REGION polling station details.
14Th December, 2006: Peace talks between the Government of Uganda and the LRA resumed in Juba, South Sudan with Dr. Ruhakana Rugunda as the Government chief negotiator.
Uganda now needs technical skill 2 employ many youth & develop faster!
Berlin'S police force said Tuesday it was treating the deadly crash of a lorry into a Christmas market crowd as "a probable terrorist attack".
Photo: Uganda's High Commissioner in Kenya Angelina Wapakhabulo at #Kiira #madeinUganda car launch in #Nairobi today.
They say it has rendered them inactive & hindered their participation in development activities in their constituencies http://see.
Talking to my husband about our finances is like hitting a brick wall.
Katumba Wamala has halted the planned transport fares hike by bus companies.
Kalibwami was an employee of Uganda Transport Agency located in Industrial Area.
<P><Em>"The quality of the future of any nation depends on the quality of the care for the children of that nation," says MUK VC Prof.
President Yoweri Museveni has promised the Indian community that the period the Constitution mandates for one to have lived in Uganda before being considered for citizenship will be reviewed.
Rather than admitting defeat and giving up, you look at what you have learned and use that information to move you forward with new knowledge.
Tufail added doctors were also trying to save the life of the other suspected bomber, who was injured when the first one blew himself up but failed to detonate himself.
The New Vision is with Namaganda Susan.
"Pre-Entry; the exam that was being set when going to LDC, I think would really work, if you used the UNEB system of saying let it be done as the fourth-year exam" - Pheona Nabasa Wall, President of the Uganda Law Society bit.
Meanwhile Iryn Namubiru narrates the many times she packed her bags to leave Ggaba beach because she wasn’t interested in going for the boat cruise👉https://goo.
Find out more in today's paper- https://vpg.
what did u like about this?
Get a copy of New Vision for the details.
In use will be a simple Galileo Telescope that will help you appreciate the features on the Moon in more detail.
Lies peddlers advising the youth to be truthful .
Rukungiri became attention puller Thursday after a highly publicized by-election.
Nursery school owners, teachers and parents have petitioned parliament to intervene in the government decision to keep nursery schools closed.
Brazil up to 65% possession over the course of the match now.
Rumor Buster: Can oleandrin treat COVID-19?
Wat use is ICC I see BOSSCO was right to trash it while he was in kenyay.
President Museveni has intervened in the conflict over the creation a new district in Tororo.
Alexei Yerunov, Nikolai Morozov and Sergei Gorbachev were among 43 Russian supporters detained by French police in southern France on Tuesday after the pitched battles which left more than 30 people injured.
What ARE YOUR PREDICTIONS?
His wife Leah Tutu said she was "very grateful for the ongoing prayers and support".
Also remember our athletes were given sports gear which was taken by the officials instead of athletes!
I believe I can fly now, we use to be ashamed about Uganda not to be owning a national airlines.
Romantic it is just had a beautiful one days back and only gentlemen do this .
Preheat the oven to 350°F (175°C), and butter a 4x8-inch loaf pan.
But he remains 3rd, about 40 seconds ahead of chasing pack.
The customer was helped immediately, and we are in contact with her and her family.
Three employees of Panamera bar and restaurant owned by Desh Kananura have also been released on bail.
Those moslems terrorist the SATANS RELIGION instead should be killed all for a betterment security of the region.
Talk about Gipiri and Labong , kintu and Nambi please!
I pray Truth takes hold of those aspiring to receive the seal of God before this world comes to an end.
The Catholic Church has celebrated the day for married couples and family life, calling for Christian families to guide their children on moral values.
If you keep these guys, we are not going to be in a position to support you," a senior peacekeeping official said he told Tshibanda at a meeting on Friday in Addis Ababa.
By Vision ReportersA MASSIVE landslide swept the slopes of Mt.
The #Minister of Justice and Constitutional Affairs, Maj.
I recently got married.
Coffee increases your metabolism and enables you to burn more calories.
Rouhani is right the US armed the Syrian rebels to remove Asad but it has eventually turned out to be the most deadly radical group in the names of ISIS.
Titus Tugume, Patricia Apolot, Shakif Mubiru and Andrew Masambuke will not travel to Nepal due to lack of funding.
This must be someone's witch craft.
Hayato Imai, 23, was arrested late Monday on suspicion of killing Tamio Ushizawa at the nursing house in Kawasaki southwest of Tokyo in November 2014, according to a spokesman for the Kanagawa Prefectural Police Department.
Collar bone and ankle during the sixth round of the national motocross championship at the Victoria Raceway Park, Garuga, on Sunday.
The largest asteroid to pass by Earth this year will swing closest on Sunday.
Live: Kristiana Kayanja's Fashion Brand Launch.
I love afrigo band sincerely.
It's all about Michael JOHNSON for me.
The minister of State for Gender and Cultural Affairs, Peace Mutuuzo, has flagged off food distribution to Gender Based Violence (GBV) survivors.
Two communities are claiming compensation and want Shell to clean up their land.
Kenya with Higher cases of COVID-19 has Schools open.
Jackline Uwera Nsenga, 36, was Monday charged with murder of her late husband.
Or is it alredy embezzled?
Clashes in Syria between pro-regime forces and Islamic State group jihadists, along with air strikes, have killed at least 28 fighters in the northern province of Raqa, a war monitor said Tuesday.
Story in New Vision #EPAPER- https://vpg.
#Urbancrossfire: What is the cost of a scientific campaign ahead of the election?
The truck was carrying cartons of salt destined for Kampala.
Case Hospital has denied claims that medical personnel at the facility were negligent and caused the death of lawyer Bridget Nassonko.
The Kabarole district woman Member of Parliament Margret Muhanga has pulled of the race at the last minute.
The endemic nature of corruption in Uganda is hurting the country’s prospects of attracting foreign investment, the Dutch ambassador, Alphons Hennekens, has warned.
According to last year’s Police Accident Report, reported traffic accidents peaked in December to 1,636, followed by March with 1,636.
Fdc presidential candidate Patrick Amuriat Oboi has asked Ugandans to punish President Yoweri Museveni for allegedly mishandling the COVID-19 pandemic, by voting him out of office in the forthcoming general election.
"People are finding it difficult to comprehend what Brexit implies for the future -- we don't know yet what the magnitude of the shock will be," Steven Barrow, head of Group-of-10 strategy at Standard Bank Group in London, told Bloomberg News.
WhatsApp NEW VISION @ 0790409761.
The Kampala University student says he has been working out covertly for maximum concentration.
Uganda Boxing Federation (UBF) has named a national squad of 51 boxers to prepare for international engagements.
The New Vision is with Gattuor Duop.
Kale Kayihura was transferred to the Ministry of Defence, as minister.
A one-year-old girl is admitted in hospital after she was allegedly defiled by a 26-year old man in Nakaseke district.
A statement issued by Uganda Red Cross said heavy landslide occurred in Bumwalukani Sub County burying Namaga and Bunakasala villages.
#Russian president Vladimir #Putin has mocked #US sanctions imposed on Russia, vows not to retaliate.
This was during the African Water Association International Congress and Exhibition in Kampala.
That'S assuming Jesus' duties & blasphemy.
Also find out how this affects the fish in the long run.
Solomon Kaddu, the man accused of attempting to attack Bishop Wilberforce Kityo Luwalira during an Easter service last year, will know his fate tomorrow.
Bank of Uganda has unveiled new-look bank notes in a major redesign of the currency since 1987.
It’s best not to try to make something that is meant to be seasonal or temporary into a lifelong relationship.
Join us every Thursday at the UMA Showgrounds, Upper Gardens at 5pm.
Find out in New Vision.
- Muntu ready for 2021 after Electoral Commission registers his party.
A new policy document released by the city authority last week indicates that KCCA is moving into bus transport, in partnership with the private sector.
When this happens, it's usually because the owner only shared it with a small group of people, changed who can see it or it's been deleted.
They claim the items are kept in stores.
Get a Copy of New Vision for MORE #EPAPER-https://epaper.
U rebranded for the worse!
Stop being sarcastic to the advantage of decision makers.
He doesn't look rich.
On the other hand, layers require less light as explained by Johan.
They are right" better late than never" they must be an informed community who knows that government has alot of programs to handle and goes slowly.
Raila Odinga and Uhuru Kenyatta.
The mood at the Saturday event immediately turned from festive to sorrow and disbelief when Peace Komujuni dropped dead in the presence of her newly-wed husband, family, friends and several guests.
The Archbishop of the Church of Uganda and Bishop of the Anglican Doicese of Kampala, Henry Luke Orombi has retired.
Borussia Dortmund keep title hopes alive with win over ten-man Wolfsburg, as Leverkusen pick up three away points at Monchengladbach.
The Sunday Vision is NOW ON SALE.
She added that the speaker can only take a decision that would affect the MPs after receiving a written notice from the Attorney General and after consultation with other legal authorities.
Promote some basic science,like boil water before consumption.
Spread cheese mixture atop cooled crust.
This another money trap!
” “How long are we going to be apart?
One word for Buyungo.
Kevin Babirye Namayanja, 30, the twin daughter of former vice-President Dr. Specioza Wandira Kazibwe and Eng.
The Catholic Church Uganda Martyrs awareness team dubbed in Luganda as “ekikungo ky’Abajulizi,”on Sunday attracted hundreds of Christians to St Peter’s Catholic Church gardens, Nsambya to listen to the stories of the 22 pages who became great martyrs of modern times.
Claiming to have been sex-starved for three months, a woman admitted to cutting the genitals of her husband using a razor blade.
Are you satisfied with the way the fire brigade responded to the Namungoona incident?
It has started raining in Bweyogerere and some parts of Kireka.
Well, he will return to court in January - that is, next month.
Kampala Central Member of Parliament (MP) Muhammad Nsereko is battling a sh2.
Contract the corona virus.
People going to land offices across the country are encountering long waits before their applications can be worked on.
May all my family members that need a miracle be blessed this year.
Who doesn't know the problem of ugandans men enlarging their pens ?
There was drama at Kumi district offices when a sub-county internal security officer gave away his wife to the district education officer (DEO).
Pastor'S son accused in family's violent beating deaths .
Photos by Kennedy Oryem.
Iam a married man but I do have a problem.
Imagine such acts in Ugandan parliament, no longer necessary to be called Honourable mps.
He should sit thinking of free and fair election,by removing m7.
But did you know how he has built it?
It's like two brothels fighting and at the end of the day they hold each other off they go.
#Betawards2014: "Soul is a feeling, not a color".
Album Cranes fail to fly.
buh only in kla or the countfh st large?
Former Portugal and Real Madrid winger Luis Figo announced on Wednesday that he is to challenge incumbent Sepp Blatter in this year's FIFA presidential election.
May GOD grant his Soul Jannah.
The UK has set another daily Covid-19 daily infections record, fuelled by the Omicron variant.
She has been giving free medication, education and food to thousands of children most of whom orphans and ex-child soldiers with Joseph Kony’s LRA.
Let’S help your child study at home and shine in their exams with education materials for P7, S1, S2, S4 and S6 classes, available in the New Vision paper every day at only UGX 2,000.
(Photos by Donald Kirya) .
Get yourself a copy of the Sunday Vision .
New FISION SO WHAT DOES MEAN?
Some 7,500 flights have been grounded and tens of thousands more delayed from Friday through Sunday.
But now, I have left when it has wings," says Gen.
how can fuel price in Rwanda be half what we pay!
The Government will start providing food in aided schools.
Justice Remmy Kasule has slammed his fellow judges for making a ruling blocking NRMO rebel MPs from accessing parliament as they await judgement.
She was bright, both her peers and her mother Annet Ariho were optimistic that one day she would make her family proud by excelling in school.
Remember that if it’s important to your partner, it doesn’t have to make sense to you.
The New Vision is with Sharukh Ali.
The chairman of Uganda Episcopal Conference, Bishop Joseph Antony Zziwa, has asked the government to start offering tax exemptions on social and economic projects run by the church.
The Prelates also lamented the rampant cases of domestic violence, child abuse, inadequate health care and environmental degradation.
Wen de centre cant hold anymore, things fall apart.
The New Vision is with Mike Ug.
Why has it taken long for the Government to find the missing link?
Today Christians all over the world are celebrating Uganda Martyr’s Day, but due to COVID-19 both Shrines are empty because attendance was restricted to 200 faithful.
The New Vision added 4 new photos — in Tororo.
Millions of Christians thronged places numerous places of worship to celebrate the birth of Jesus Christ.
Debut author Chris Baron steps into the arena of children’s literature with a beautiful novel-in-verse, All of Me.
The road has always been in a sorry state whether it rains or shines.
One of the effects of the COVID-19 lockdown was working from home.
Again coruption and bribes are grown in than the past!
The stunningly glamorous woman who graces the cover of the new issue of Flair Magazine, on sale today, is a far cry from the timid-looking woman that stood beside the celebrated Stephen Kiprotich, the 2012 Olympics Men’s Marathon gold medalist on his return home.
The decision is in response to the government’s decision not to continue subsidising consumers directly.
President Yoweri Museveni has castigated FDC president Dr. Kiiza Besigye for boycotting the Inter-party Forum, a platform where national issues are discussed by the different party leaders.
A French woman was charged and remanded in custody accused of seducing and killing an elderly man and poisoning three others using Valium.
give and it will come back to you!
The 3 police officers were briefly admitted at Bua Health Centre.
“The decision has already been taken at policy level.
The joint security task force has warned elements within the opposition who are allegedly mobilising traders to demonstrate against the lockdown announced by President Yoweri Museveni to fight COVID-19.
Headmasters will ban teachers, teachers will ban students and student prefects will in turn ban other students.
Kiprotich comes home with 2nd cash prize of sh96m and is set to pocket another sh 120m for setting a national record.
Stay healthy and drum up your lifestyle, #Verve brings you expert guide on Health,beauty and more.
ly/3psrSx9 and start reporting.
The shooting occured at God is Able hostel in Kikoni during a rally for guild elections.
Shocking: Police officers and other law enforcement officers do not understand the law against human trafficking.
Ms. Nganga Bibiche Bola, a resident of Konge, in Makindye division was reportedly kidnapped on Feb 23ed, 2018.
Don'T lie to kids.
Are you looking for an official Cheat Day?
May ridge and again rule us.
Candidate first saw off the body of his colleague deputy Prime Minister Eriya #Kategaya at Nairobi Hospital this morning.
Life is perishable the quicker you consume it, the better it feels.
Once completed, the project will generate around 2.
Always prepare for anything,as you wait for 2021,know that the virus still exists and Political confusion and contradiction still holds,take care of yourselves.
An Eighty-year-old woman has been arrested for allegedly hacking her in-law to death using a panga.
Please kindly spare some time (max.
She has played a huge role in teaching students to be innovative with art.
" just fill in your area of interest and u have the formula .
St. Lawrence top Hurriken Group with 19 points -- see more at: https://goo.
Museveni summons NRM caucus over Sugar Bill.
But when FA disciplinary officials took statements from all the officials on duty at White Hart Lane, assistant Jake Collin reported that he had seen the pair coming together but failed to spot what actually happened.
Apartisan person like that cant head police which deals even the oposition!
Nsibambi passed on Tuesday evening at his home in Bulange, Mengo, Kampala.
The New Vision is with Isaac Nuwagaba.
Aye muna oliwa enaku dhino?
Why can a whole government hunt nebanda?
Borrowing cos he knows he wont be around when he is dead.
The revenge of the poor will short such characters out,don’t ask me when and how,if you know you know.
Lukwago had just been released by the Police after being cautioned following an early morning arrest at his home in Rubaga.
please tell me what charge is she facing.
Police probes Mulago Hospital over baby theft:http://bit.
Phiona Bizzu from Lira is the 26th girl to wear the Miss Uganda crown.
Struggling to build a business but lack ample capital?
Arua Hills Sports Park Stadium is taking shape.
The CNN crew has arrived in the country to film Vision Group’s #TwinsFestivalUg slated for Sunday at Namboole stadium.
Geoerge Kanyeihamba sh149m as compensation for his sacking as chancellor of Kampala International University(KIU).
Phillip Kasozi rallied from four strokes down Saturday to win the Tusker Uganda Golf Open 72, 71,74,70 (285).
Now it is a double strike of cholera and dysentery in the same district.
#Breaking: #Spanish PM: King Juan Carlos plans to abdicate; Crown Prince Felipe to become next king.
Bank of Uganda employees Kakeeto Francis and Fred Wanyama were today charged with abuse of office and corruption.
In 2010, the government of Uganda signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the South Sudanese government under which Uganda would compensate traders who lost.
The transfer system is an old-fashioned way of keeping corrupt and less good teachers, medical staff in the system.
February 15: A total of 164 trainees from Uganda Peoples Defense Forces (UPDF) have graduated from the Military Police Training School in Masindi.
Kcca FC are still leading 1-0 against Myda at Lugogo.
everybody including the Donors will see this as a positive thing and the taps will be reinstated.
Next time we shall get a bigger crown,” Kalanguka posted on her Facebook page.
Wise why were billions of money wasted in consultation of the people when their views were not to be considered but the interests of the party.
Guangzhou railway station in southern China has been swamped by over 100,000 people desperate to get home to celebrate the Chinese New Year.
The beauty of a woman can take her to a Palace but her character will determine how long she stays in the palace.
In a joint communique, UPDF and FARDC have announced that more camps belonging to the Allied Democratic Forces in Congo have been destroyed using artillery shelling and aerial bombardments.
Chinese doctors graft man’s hand to his ankle to keep it alive after accident.
Rashid Odiga, has been sentenced to 70 years in jail for murder of two colleagues attached to Soroti military barracks.
Stuart Worsely, the programme director at the Green Economy coalition said the Green Economy has three pillars namely economic prosperity, environmental sustainability and social inclusion.
The Court presided over by Justice Joseph Murangira issued a warrant of arrest for #Zhenghjun yesterday at the start of the trial after he failed to attend court.
I apologize for the things I said about you if it was true or not I should have kept it to myself because I am a Christian.
Find out who is on the flight and to where, only in New Vision.
9b case arising from a botched land deal.
If you thought all MPs do in Parliament is debate policies, you will be shocked to learn that a lot of sexual abuse takes place there.
I don't trust the 'IGG'.
We received constant warnings and some of the products that were exported there were destroyed.
He needs his pinse legs hands head cut off so no more of him!
Give thanks for your food and for the joy of living.
Details on Rema's introduction👉http://bit.
Let me hope it's not on the Buganda 9000sq.
He bought me gifts for my birthday, he has for Christmas and we go on dates and spend a lot of time together, however he says he wants to wait till January for us to start actually going out officially?
Ykee Benda on stage with 'Byonkola gwe.
“We have not yet met President Museveni and we don’t have a plan of meeting or engaging with him.
Buy a copy from the nearest outlet or get a complete digital version online.
Th villagers tied the cheetahs, which were caught alive, and took them to police demanding for compensation.
We'Re counting on you to get vaccinated so that our economy can bounce back!
"Minurso has received a request to close its military liaison office in Dakhla," UN deputy spokesman Farhan Haq said.
Someone stop the noise makers!
Business owners have been told to desist from extending services to political candidates on credit during this political season as they may fail to pay.
But Not In Westnile.
Wheneva there's a disagreement over an injustice or an illegality, one iz free to petition court & expect a judgement free of bias.
Rip dear Joan, may God cover you family with his own hand.
Despite the ban on the use of bodabodas to carry passengers, some people have remained defiant and continue to use them, especially from their homes to taxi stages.
Cook and stir beef in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes; drain and discard grease.
That's what modern media houses do!
Yes, but someone was guilty of drug trafficking and it is either Namubiru herself, her colleagues or all of them.
#Washington - The National Security Agency has developed a surveillance system that can record 100 percent of a foreign country's telephone calls, The Washington Post reported late Tuesday.
Thax NSSF & New Vission.
• Prayers at 7.
Do you not know?
His life in PICTURES.
Gangsters forging Interpol letters.
That'S the best marketing star.
When is he coming?
#Mytaxeswork: A Thousand And One reasons for you to attend the Taxpayers Appreciation Week.
#EPAPER via - epaper.
Intimate smoked out Joseph Logeri, a seasoned polygamist in a Nakapiripirit district, and got him to talk about his love life and how to express devotion the Karimojong way;http://bit.
am not rude but.
Finnish telecom group Nokia on Thursday raised its full-year outlook after posting better-than-expected third quarter earnings, especially in its networks unit, sending its share price soaring by over eight percent.
We look forward to bringing you the ultimate virtual wedding experience to help you plan your special days.
Diba Ssentongo is new Chairman of Wazelendo SACCO and in charge of the Civil Military Relations, Col.
The New Vision is with Elungat Joseph and Princess Sànyumaleen.
Well that's his conviction.
Against all odds, Katniss Everdeen has won the annual Hunger Games.
Dey got threatened dat such good artists from Nigeria came to their country.
Here in Kampala, at the Lugogo Cricket oval to be specific, a beaming President Museveni took his place as Guest of honor.
Liverpool takes on Madrid.
So whats on your Mind?
Get information fast and first by subscribing to our breaking news via SMS by sending the word 'News' to 8338.
Serve hot or cold.
Uganda is holding the EAPCCO seat, and the newly-appointed Inspector General of Police (IGP), Okoth Ochola, who replaced Gen.
The Directorate of Citizenship and Immigration Control has temporarily suspended passport issuance services at the Kyambogo Collection/Issuance Centre.
The opposition in parliament had also been rocked with a spate of resignations which saw Beatrice Anywar and Florence Ekwau resign from their dockets.
🟥 Fahad Bayo is redcarded for handling the ball.
Find out what she says, get the e-paper via bit.
Dip chicken breasts in the olive oil-garlic mixture using tongs; transfer to bread crumb mixture and turn to evenly coat.
Jinja Resident District Commissioner, Richard Gulume wants women banned from carrying large handbags to worship centres so as to prevent terror incidents in churches and mosques.
The ruling is a blow to the reputation of South Africa's state prosecutors, coming after a lengthy and costly battle to extradite Dewani from Britain.
Mr lord mayor, madam Jennifer this time work as a team for the good of k'la, we feel bad when you people exchange bitter words, respect each other.
Talking like that in a foreign land.
The Chairman Uganda Episcopal Conference, Bishop Joseph Antony Zziwa, has asked Ugandans to live in harmony and promote peace to one another.
Over 2OO JOBS INSIDE.
#Wuliraeddoboozi: Okubeera omutukuvu mukuweereza katonda.
Bishop shd preach pple not to marry faaaa and also practice family planning.
In a mixing bowl, add the yolks, mayonnaise and mustard sauce and mix well.
#NRM lawyers Chris Bakiza, Severino Twinobusingye, John Mary Mugisha, Joseph Matsiko and Sam Mayanja at the constitutional court after they succeeded in blocking Expelled NRM MPs from proceeding to Supreme court in pursuit of cross-examining H.E Yoweri Museveni on affidavits.
Hello I was coming from Mbarara and decided to refill at Total Lyantonde.
Museveni blames NRM Secretariat for not advocating for the amendment of the Land Act.
Mp William Oketcho and the Attorney General have secured an injunction stopping the implementation of the constitutional court ruling on independent MPs: http://ow.
The defending champions enjoyed a routine win over UMU in the final played out at Mandela National Stadium.
See List at: https://goo.
“If you have a dream, do not wait; start pursuing it now with whatever resources are available.
They have positioned themselves outside.
The lone case, reported Tuesday, has highlighted how little we know about the virus circulating in Latin America and the Caribbean, where it is suspected of causing a surge in brain-damaged babies.
After the performance, Katumwa advised the younger passionate musicians on how to make it in business.
Do you know your net worth?
Only hours before, at a Tampa rally, Clinton had called him “temperamentally unfit and totally unqualified to be president of the United States”.
Eeeeeh where do you want to take our country should they secure global loans just to pay teachers .
The baby was born with an abnormal condition.
We're so happy, and just enjoying it," said Frank Castaneda, the Sheriff captain.
Dp'S Mathias Nsubuga has been declared the winner of the hotly contested Bukoto South by-election in Lwengo district.
Well, Role of a consuler Diplomates.
Wc tv station z showing it.
Dubai +971551192943, Kampala Branch +25678161823, +256703204325.
The Police want parliament to raise the consent age from 18 to 22 years in order to stamp out early marriages.
The cockpit voice recorder from the EgyptAir plane that crashed last month has been found in the Mediterranean, Egyptian investigators say.
Partnerships like this are helping to boost this agribusiness project to attract organisations that are interested in putting money into agriculture,” said Kituuka.
Dr Congo President Felix Tshisekedi on Saturday named a new head of state mining company Gecamines, replacing an ally of his predecessor and rival Joseph Kabila.
The public angered with Deputy Inspector General of Police,Okoth Ochola.
In the Sunday Vision this week, NRM leaders warn Kenya Odinga over Mbabazi, Besigye visit, schools to close early for Pope Francis' visit, Gulu to become Uganda industrial hub.
The march started from Oli division in the municipality and proceeded to the Main Street.
Media Congress and World Editors’ Forum,’’ in Estoril-Cascais, Portugal.
Around Uganda: Will Wadri cast his vote?
Today'S forex exchange rates as provided by Bank of Uganda.
is he God to judge us that we r un clean those of who have not wedded in church?
We don't see the rain you talk of!
It was a very awkward meeting.
Public servants worried as Government salary payment system breaks down ahead of Christmas.
Those guys can never learn.
<P><Em>Scores of Ugandans visited the embassy registration site with queries on various issues.
The move is intended to improve the quality of coffee produced in the region in order to attract better prices on the international market.
It’s not entirely known why these primates are equipped with their huge schnoz but it is theorized as a way for males to attract a mate.
Thanks but did that association carried out a research and found out that the biggest pple hustling wiz sickle cell are around Kampala or near kawanda.
The groundbreaking meeting is to happen in mid-February in Cuba.
The New Vision is with Harmza Ali Hamed.
Women living with HIV, who breastfeed exclusively for longer than the first four months, lower the risk of transmitting the virus to their babies.
Why to congest Kampala n wakiso with every thing yet in the upcountry pple r in the toll of death.
@Makatu Andrew, M7 is very right this time.
New Vision launches Kiprotich cash prize drive.
The Kampala Archdiocese yesterday ( Monday, May, 12 ) a service in rememberence of Simeon Lourdel best known as Pere Mapeera , Mapeera and Brother Delmas Amans who introduced the Uganda Martyrs to Christianity.
Donald Trump has ratcheted up his feud with the US media by announcing he will skip the annual correspondents' dinner, the first US president to do so in 36 years.
New Vision has details.
Politics is only problem in this sector nothing much soldiers are doing !
The Chief Justice, Alfonse Owiny-Dollo has called for the revision of retirement age for judges.
More in the Sunday Vision-https://vpg.
Kebede hunted down 2011 champion Emmanuel Mutai to win the men's race, while Jeptoo surged to victory in the women's event, eight months on from her second-place finish at the London Olympics.
Get a life 'VISION'!
Mourdja'S nose has been eaten away, like one lip and part of her upper gum, leaving the 13-year-old girl atrociously disfigured by noma, a disease that thrives on malnutrition.
Accidents is highier than that of Coronavirus.
Photo: The TDA meeting in London.
Catherine Kusasira's daughter Finerah Kusasira entertains her fellow children at the #TotoFest2017 yesterday.
I thought it was agreed that it would take less longer than the longest period expected (2yrs).
Opolot unsuccessfully tried to call heads of department and technical staff to come to his rescue.
Planning on getting married this year?
After selling over 40 million consoles, Sony is refreshing the PlayStation 4.
Confiscate there driving permit.
The Anti-Corruption Court has dismissed a case in which three Cabinet Ministers were charged with causing the loss of sh14bn CHOGM funds.
U are inviting them.
In INFRASTRUCTURE Pullout: STRIKE A BALANCE BETWEEN CONSTRUCTION,MAINTENANCE OF ROADS.
Patrick Mweheire is the new Regional Chief Executive of Stanbic Bank Group, the bank’s board of directors have announced today in a statement.
The football World Cup used to be the single most exciting sports event, and not just because for a long time it was the only major sports event we would get to watch live.
ug to know more.
Now that I am stuck with him, how can enjoy my life and let him be the "mukopi" he is.
Dr. Kizza Besigye has welcomed the use of face masks as the lockdown is being eased but rubbished the decision to force government masks on Ugandans.
Find out what their biggest achievement has been in the last 17 years.
Think it is impossible?
Edwin Ekiring will be the first Ugandan in action at the London 2012 Olympics, when he plays the badminton singles from 9pm Uganda time today Saturday.
Nrm floors opposition in Kalungu by election.
Grab a free copy in the New Vision today-https://vpg.
Lance corporal Herbert Rwakihembo of the Military Police attached to Luzira Military barracks gunned down three women on Monday at around 8:00pm in Kisenyi III, Luzira, Nakawa division, a Kampala suburb.
to mention but afew, come back tomorrow but five.
These are the questions officials from Pan African Movement –Uganda Chapter asked after establishing that NMS warehouses are teeming with drugs.
Get the story in today's New Vision.
"Our peace-keeping efforts are paying off.
This comes up after Uganda Young Democrats were denied access to Namboole Stadium for their delegates conference.
<P>First, it was Nkemba’s interim administration which in December 2018 inexplicably failed to organise scheduled elections on account of a lack of a club constitution.
The police watchdog is investigating an incident in which a man died after being Tasered by officers in Llanelli in South Wales.
President Mwai Kibaki has urged Kenyans to be peaceful ahead of the ruling by Supreme Court on the presidential petition expected on Saturday.
I feel it will be a shame to cancel a ceremony this late.
Over 7 pages of jobs inside.
The New Vision is with Patrick Kcidega Tumai and 9 others at Kenya Laws Online.
Just remember, it has been said that every charitable act moves you one step closer to heaven.
#Offtheweb: A taxi passenger takes extra caution.
Relatives of two Australian drug smugglers on death row in Indonesia cried out in anguish as they arrived at a prison island Tuesday, in distressing scenes as they paid what could be their final visit to the condemned men ahead of their executions.
remember it may not be the same way as they did but as A Christian you should be able to sacrifice in any way through saving people's life.
Then u already have someone u like but u just want to use distance as an exccuse how on earth can u like everybody and want to marry/sleep with them, control ur human desires discuss with ur man and find abetter solution than the way u are thinking.
This kind of infrastructure not only includes playing fields and stadiums, swimming pools, fitness centres but also transparent and sustainable systems, and policies within the sports industry.
Story in the New Vision #EPAPER- https://vpg.
President Yoweri Museveni has contributed sh60m to facilitate the purchase of land for a community primary school in Kibega parish, Kanyaryeru sub-county, Kiruhura district.
By Vision ReporterUGANDANS intending to study in the UK will have to meet stricter visa entry conditions, according to the British High Commission.
Watch @UrbanTVUganda & win tickets.
Namibia and the Netherlands have advanced to the ICC WCL Division 1 while Nepal and Canada remained in Division 2.
23-Year-Old Police officer, John Akii-Bua, won a gold medal in a world record time, clocking 47.
Bhutto was the first woman to head a democratic gov't in a Muslim majority country.
No, what you plant is what you harvest.
The death of David Katuntu, a Ugandan senior epidemiologist at Entebbe Hospital, was linked to COVID-19.
The government is drafting a Bill to control possession of firearms held by security agencies and civilians.
mp/U2PRwR CRANES: Muwonge, Guma, Walusimbi, Isinde, Kalungi, Wasswa, Oloya, Kizito, Ochaya, Sentongo, Okwi.
We r sik n tired ov corupt officials in kcc!
“Uganda has suffered three previous outbreaks of ebola and we've built reasonable capacity to manage it.
Find the details in the Sunday Vision.
She assured them that transformation is for the better.
While other youngsters marked Thursday's event by dressing up as Harry Potter, Willy Wonka or Paddington Bear, the 11-year from Manchester, northwest England, was slicking back his hair and dusting down a sharp suit as worn by the fictional billionaire Christian Grey.
This cartoon has made my day.
Immunisation: Buganda, Busoga rank among worst performing.
St. Mary’s Kitende Secondary School on Entebbe road has joined other companies to contribute towards the renovation of the martyrs shrines at Namugongo and Munyonyo.
Pastor Martin Sempa, the senior minister of Makerere Community Church has, after months of hiding been notified once again, that the subpoena he was issued with last year still stands.
As long as your child is well and there is plenty of good food available for her there is no need to worry about what she eats.
President Museveni shares a light moment with Esther and Ezekiel, the siblings who won East Africa’s Got Talent’ competition.
, then you put money first?
Kavutha is one of the most versatile and experienced vocalists in East Africa.
we even have cars of 1860's being driven here comfortably.
Juma mawerere of Uganda Youth Movement.
Former Prime Minister Amama Mbabazi is scheduled to be nominated on November, 3, 2015 at 2:00pm, a few hours after the nomination of President Yoweri Museveni on the same day.
However he is doing much better at the moment and will soon be discharged from the hospital.
Makerere University has launched an extensive restructuring programme that is expected to claim the jobs of 500 academics.
The new home of Liberty Worship Centre International has cost over sh6b after about 10 years of construction.
Penny Sparrow caused a social media storm at the beginning of the year when she used the word "monkeys" to describe New Year's revelers on Durban's beach because of the mess she said they made.
Trending: The Vice President, Edward Sekandi, shares a light moment with colleagues after he was successfully vetted earlier this week.
, which has crippled our Economy.
Polio vaccine in the crossfire of misinformation.
This photo was taken in a train after a Kenyan man donning a Maasai regalia boarded at a Jubilee Underground train in London.
He should not make that son of his who dragged him to court a heir.
Mwana u a putting me in moods of eating it, let me go home (Bush.
Do you know when this picture was taken?
High Court, presided over by Eva Luswata, on Friday cleared Mumbere, giving him fourteen days to travel to go and pay his last respect to the fallen Rwenzururu Nyamukama.
The New Vision is with Mucunguzi Emmanuel.
Tie hand and legs put with mouse in 1 sag.
Lorna Mary Namususwa, come see the things u taught me.
If you’re up for trying something different from your ordinary gym workout while taking things to the next level, then it’s worth checking out boxing programme Train to Win.
Breaking: Luis Suarez has been handed a 9 GAME BAN from international football and has also been banned from all forms of football for FOUR MONTHS.
30Pm: Kiprotich waiting for Kenyans as they are to use same car to stadium.
Bobby names Uganda's CECAFA team: Sserunkuma summoned .
For a digital copy subscribe at;http://bit.
An increasing number of men are denying their children, the latest Uganda Human Rights Commission report indicates.
"We appreciate all your support at the matches, of course, but I am appealing to you to stay out of trouble and to try to make certain these threats being issued are never carried out and we will be able to attempt to do the best we can to stay in this competition by football means".
“Put in all you can, before you receive,” he advised yesterday.
✔️ Know what makes two-time national rally champions Suzan Muwonge tick?
Eza Vally Dam zabuliraddala ?
Brazil'S impeached president Dilma Rousseff left the official presidential residence for the last time Tuesday, flying to her coastal hometown as President Michel Temer jetted home from the G20 summit in China.
In Uganda or Kenya coz in Uganda education has been abolished !
45 Uganda Police officers who completed the Intermediate Command and Staff course intake at the Police Senior Command and Staff College in Bwebajja today were passed out.
One time, we were in the heat of the moment and he suddenly stopped.
More details in the New Vision.
It Has Shown The Standard Of Some Players Even At Home.
This story is in The Sunday Vision.
Catch up on #TodayAroundUganda in this podcast with a round-up of news from different corners of the country.
Mulago hospital has only two beds to deliver 80 expectant mothers daily, a shortage that has led to majority of them delivering on the floor, a hospital medical officer has revealed.
Demonstrations are taking place in a number of large cities across the country, including outside the White House in Washington, DC.
You can read further here: https://goo.
Cover and cook for 3 hours on HIGH or 5 hours on LOW.
The Nile special Premeir rugby League returns this weekend and with it comes the usual array of compelling sub-plots and unanswered questions.
Kampala Metropolitan Police Commander Andrew Kaweesi noted that several of the hardcore criminals currently terrorizing residents of the city are former inmates, especially from Luzira prison.
, the fate that SEVO will rule till nature takes him.
I released it for airplay on November the 14th.
You report like you have already counted.
What can we do?
The National council of higher education is responsible for standards.
Stay informed of the major challenges that must be addressed as schools open in the New Vision weekly series from Wednesday 22nd to Saturday 25th December 2021.
"We need to increase sensitiation on the benefits of contraceptives for men to understand what family planning is".
4 police officers sacked as a video showing 1 of them kneeling on the neck of a handcuffed black man who later died sparked street protests in the US.
George Kanyeihamba is extremely angry with his colleagues in the legal fraternity.
Find out more in New Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
I see you are great speaker .
Mr. Presido is not alone, all the opposition leaders are working wiz him.
"The process is taking a little longer because we want our security personnel and the hostages to be safe.
Kobushenga talking about Mugabe's death and drying away of river rwizi.
The New Vision is with Kol Mi Kay and Wandukwa Emmanuel Dasantoskay.
State broadcaster Uganda Broadcasting Corporation (UBC) has sued the regulator of the communications sector Uganda Communications Commission (UCC) over alleged breach of contract.
The prayers to mark a year after the death of Yasin Kawuma, the driver of Kyadondo East MP Robert Kyagulanyi aka Bobi Wine, at Kamwokya Catholic Parish were blocked by the Police yesterday.
The market witnessed increased buying pressure as the month came to a close.
Her carrying twins, it hasn't been easy and I didn't want to know about it".
Every week we shall feature a review from a satisfied customer.
The New Vision is with Robert Abitegeka and 2 others.
The money, which the Government extended to Kyamuhunga Peoples Savings and Credit Cooperative Society (KYAPS) through the Micro Finance Support Centre will benefit over 16,000 members.
Government has been asked to use all necessary measures to relocate residents around Mountain Elgon areas to avoid losing more lives.
Do I have to stand in the line till the poll closes ?
- In a large saucepan, melt 1/2 cup butter.
Was the judiciary right to suspend an indecently dressed clerk?
His long-time friend and colleague Andrew Luwandaga has said.
In a mixing bowl, mash the ripe bananas with a fork until completely smooth.
The New Vision is with Philip Mangori.
does she men there were no roads in ug before UNRA?
Tourists enjoy ‘malwa’ (local brew) at Namugongo beach in Kira municipality.
Ultraconservative cleric Ebrahim Raisi, who was declared Iran's next president Saturday, should be investigated for alleged crimes against humanity and a 'spiralling crackdown' on human rights, Amnesty International has said.
Directors of Pioneer Easy Bus Company are preparing to resume operations before the end of next month.
#Infootball:Arsenal already have a plan to replace Arsene Wenger reveals Ivan Gazidis.
Our athletes went to owino of London and bought rags as attire they used.
Emma Okwi with an 87th minute equaliser!
Does Uganda have any commercial Bank?
- 22 passengers on the Gateway bus were shot dead and the bus set ablaze by the Lord's Resistance Army rebels in an ambush.
The family group named Children talent is led by Sulaiman Busulwa a primary  six pupil of Nsambya full gospel school.
#Uganda'S President Museveni arrives in Kigali, #Rwanda for a 2-day working visit.
Gold prices slipped on Friday as a recovering dollar pulled them off a 3-1/2 month high, but the metal still eked out a weekly rise after gaining in recent sessions on bets against a U.S. interest rate hike.
The New Vision is with Isam Lo Wera-Amuria and 9 others.
The researchers, Wlodarski & Dunbar found a correlation between the amount of kissing that long-term partners did and the quality of their relationship.
Collin Sekajugo is a Ugandan artist and a social entrepreneur established both in Kigali (Rwanda) and in the Ugandan capital Kampala.
Uganda’S HIV/AIDS prevalence rate has shot up from 6.
New Vision has the details of the function.
While this disrespect of people’s representative should be condemned and the culprits punished, the bigger evil of sand mining should be taken seriously.
#Securityug Is security for all Ugandans or only the dignitaries,,?
Send them your message.
In yesterday's news you said that "priests in uganda have been allowed to marry' today you are saying "a priest ask permission' There is need to for new vision to develop a sense of maturity in your articles.
What do you think the final result will be?
"Today, we're updating Facebook Search so that in addition to friends and family, you can find out what the world is saying about topics that matter to you," vice president of search Tom Stocky said in a blog post.
A man who posted online photos of him romantically posing with the 'Kitone' singer Desire Luzinda has raised questions from her fans wondering as to whether the two are in love.
In The New Vision today.
United are seventh in Premier League, 13 points off fourth place.
Burundi'S President Pierre Nkurunziza has signed a decree delaying parliamentary and local council elections by one week to June 2 because of the political crisis gripping the east African state, his adviser said on Wednesday.
Uganda Tourism Board (UTB) led by the Board Chairman, Daudi Migereko and the German Ambassador to Uganda, His Excellency Mathias Schauer met recently to discuss ways to grow Uganda’s share of the German tourism market.
May the presence of the Almighty God be around you dear Rosemary.
The witnesses are identified through relatives and former allies, who lure them from their safe houses in the region.
Mexican telecom giant Carlos Slim has topped Forbes magazine's billionaire's list - the first time since 1994 that an American has not led the rankings.
While infections are stable in the US and Canada, Africa and the Middle East, they are up a tenth in Latin America and the Caribbean and 13 percent in Asia.
The game is getting tense.
I hear Abiriga is also addressing, now using which language Oba?
The minister of state for mineral development, Peter Lokeris has assured the people of West Nile that government is committed to building two more power dams to boost the 3.
Looking at a bigger picture for the many.
To me it will try to fight homosexuality cases in the economy.
Did u say dat da only african polar bear has died?
Why is media making this a big issue?
Four months later, my boyfriend is insisting that we tell our friends and family about our relationship.
💃🏽Now this is how you celebrate a goal against tough opposition!
Spanish newspaper El Diario reports that the allegations emerged in a statement given by a protected witness in a rape case against pornography producer Ignacio Fernandez Allende – also known as Torbe.
Details in Sunday Vision, grab yourself a copy 👉 EPAPER: http://is.
She met the Ugandan Prime Minister Dr. Ruhakana Rugunda on Thursday.
I was in Police Special Force in Naguru by then.
Find out what happened, in Saturday Vision.
How much is that bed.
Use to harass our air space without fear today its almost impossible to fly a war plane into our air space.
Mr Gnassingbe has ruled since the death of his father, Gnassingbe Eyadema, who took power in a coup in 1967.
If jst one BoU boss has been swindles money like no mans business within BoU in jst 6months, how abt wz mob money?
"There were 10 deaths," Major Dieudonne Kajibwami, told AFP on Monday following a previous statement that five bodies had been taken to Uvira, a lakeside town in the eastern South Kivu province.
She died at her Los Angeles home.
It'S a good move because people power ideology will massively spread.
Of all the times in da yr they chose the festive season.
So Don't Blame Journalists Coz They A Like U And We Have Seen U Fighting Now And Then.
Rupert Murdoch's #NewsCorp on Tuesday announced a three-year content deal with Facebook in Australia, weeks after Canberra introduced laws forcing digital platforms to pay for news.
If you want to be durable leaders, do not seek or accept favours or even tolerate them' - President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni.
It is billed to be cool.
South Africa and Orlando Pirates captain and goalkeeper Senzo Meyiwa was shot dead late Sunday near Johannesburg.
Uganda could play a key role in ending the conflict in Darfur, Prime Minister Amama Mbabazi has said.
Treating Muslim-Americans differently will only make the country less safe by increasing division between the West and the Muslim world, he said.
GET THE NEW VISION APP 👉🏽.
Track starts on Friday.
City businessman, Hassan Basajjabalaba was sent on remand to Luzira Prison Wednesday afternoon.
Who shall save Ugandans?
The National Council for Higher Education has been tasked to verify his diploma.
Well as all this longstanding conflict in Syria, was sparked by Appraise in those Arab nations, causes must not be ignored, There must be a political settlement, not ignoering, Rebells,they are Syrians with Affiliation, let the target be on isis.
55pm; Sunday 800m semifinal 6.
Can I ask question toanyy Dr what's the purpose of the vaccine?
He is aged 110 and she is 104.
Otherwise, you risk nutrient deficiencies linked to fatigue, poor mental function, and other health concerns.
Given his business acumen and current position as chairman of the EAC, Kenyatta will get ample time to teach the youth and answer their questions, according to Vision Group chief executive officer Robert Kabushenga.
Unless they'll automatically be promoted to next classes, which is close to impossible since first term had just began.
First effort will be to have a better prepared team for the CECAFA 2012, the World Cup 2014 and Afcon 2015.
Over the last few days, South African police has been battling irate machete wielding crowds setting immigrant businesses ablaze in attacks that have claimed the lives of seven people.
Does Taylor Swift ever get tired,oba it's the other way round.
Hillary Clinton received surprise respite from attacks over her use of a private email server as US top diplomat, with rivals becoming unlikely defenders during a Democratic presidential debate Tuesday.
When he joined KCC FC in 1990, some club officials were against his signing.
John Katumba, one of the presidential candidates, was on Tuesday blocked from entering the Bunyoro King’s palace.
Peter you are right, even a dog can predict famine in a home and relocate to a neigbours' where there is food.
The New Vision is with Mulala Fortune Jesse.
Good job colleagues in the neighborhood!
#Breakingnews: Malaysian government says new data shows Malaysian Airlines flight MH 370 "ended" in the southern Indian Ocean with all aboard lost.
The junta says Keita is authorised to leave the country for medical care if need be.
22 to finish 10th in the Men's 10000m final.
Just four in 10 people in France want to have a vaccination against Covid-19, a poll showed Tuesday, as concern also grows over the slow start to the country's immunisation campaign.
“Oil is a resource that belongs to us all.
you have to help your people in UK first before playing with our deaf children most of them preparing for UNEB exams in November.
Karl Popper style of debate is the kind of debate that focuses on relevant and often deeply divisive propositions, emphasising the development of critical thinking skills and tolerance for differing viewpoints.
Did i read Uganda is a peaceful and beautiful country?
Busoga Kingdom comprises of 11 chiefdoms but only five are eligible to produce a Kyabazinga including Bukholi, Luuka, Busiki and Bulamogi.
Can't we think like benarld?
Get all the details in “News Papers in Education” #EPAPER via -https://goo.
Former UBC boss Paul Kihika in Police cells, but not because of the sh3.
In Urban Television studios.
The pumpkin is another important food that is usually ignored and neglected in people’s diet.
Seya, Banyenzaki, Maria Kiwanuka.
It is a "phenomenal and gigantic task".
Ongwen is linked to the civilian killings in former internally displaced people’s camps between October 2003 and June 2004.
China will end up enforcing its rule to innocent africans.
The 2020/2021 national budget estimates have risen to sh41.
Good do it on and no?
If Ugandan Christians aren't bothered about the day, except for a handful, how dare you claim that a worldwide celebration is in the offing?
The New Vision is with Chandiga Ronald Rich.
Sitenda’S eviction leaves Uganda’s hopes on Derrick Kojjo and Daisy Ejang after we lost the Under Cover Brothers a few weeks back.
Thuggery everywhere what happened to miss lebanon?
President Yoweri Museveni urges the people of Bunyangabu and the surrounding areas to embrace solar energy and also to use dogs to deal with petty crime.
let us concentrate on business!
Rwandan forces and troops from the Democratic Republic of Congo are fighting each other on the border, the Congolese information minister says.
Sex can bring pleasure but it can never bring love, sex is a product of love, love is not a product of sex.
Is there a link to read the headline?
196 boda boda passengers have also died in separate accidents between January and September 2012.
He won the prize for pioneering efforts to expand access to life –sparing medicine to people infected with HIV virus.
Opinion: Can oil diversify Uganda’s economy?
Hope not by your paper.
"This is not acceptable.
Boxing coach Mugayi tips Golola.
Girls today are getting married for all sorts of reasons, some are pressure from society for them to get married while others are money, etcetera, due to these reasons, among others, girls have reached a point where they do not mind being second wives or even third, simply to fulfil some norms.
As I go into today my God.
Mars rover lands and has started sending images.
Afande we shall miss U and may GOD's light b with U always rest in peace.
Meanwhile, head coach Wasswa Bbosa has agreed to remain in the position on permanent basis.
Uganda Virus Research Institute (UVRI) deputy director Prof.
Jinja Road starting from BAT traffic is slow; motorists will take a minimum of 7 to 8 minutes to reach the city centre.
It's advisable to carry a sanitizer.
2008: Luwero veterans received money from Government as reward for their contribution to the five-year war that brought NRA into power.
Now it's Schneiderlin and next is Schwarstneiger!
Useless news what what,does it make any News if am footing in streat of kampala?
Minister of tourism, wildlife and antiquities Maria Mutagamba has urged youths to start taking advantage of Uganda's beauty to seek opportunities within the sector.
Share with us your xmas photos.
You have indeed done us proud.
Let de war also reduce dere populatn.
The thugs, who are on the run, raided Karubuju Police Station and put one unwitting policeman on gunpoint using a toy gun.
Not sure which smartphone to buy?
Your research of a company will reveal to you a potential employer's philosophy and values, work culture and it's demands and rewards, employee characteristics and other essentials you will need to make a match appropriate to your career goals and personality.
The race for Ishongorero Town Council provided him with a perfect opportunity.
Mao could become a prime minister 😆😆.
There will be a requiem Mass on Tuesday May 19, 2015 at the Adventist Church on Entebbe Road and burial will take place on Wednesday May 20, 2015 at 2:00pm in Temangalo.
The first lady has got a point which is Okay.
#Northkorea leader Kim is still in charge, has leg injury from taking part in a military drill; Source.
The New Vision is with Godrine Nsamba.
💉😷 The health ministry has ramped up #COVID19 vaccination with a campaign in 58 points in #Kampala Metropolitan Area, and #Wakiso & #Mukono districts.
Find out the agenda of the conference and why the leaders are there in New Vision.
Property and money worth millions of shillings was on Monday morning robbed from passengers aboard a Kalita bus, travelling from Kasese to Kampala.
There is nothing to show for it and yet the people of South Sudan are left to finance this loan.
, Who ordered the vaccination of cows in Karamoja ?
I read it yesterday on some news paper.
Why are Ugandan youth risking death and joining the South Sudan rebels?
La Mulți Ani !
Us$100,000 has so far been collected from a number of corporates and individuals for Stephen Kiprotich who won the country a gold medal at London 2012 Olympic marathon.
The last patient in Kibaale was allowed to go home on 24th August.
"Janet and I have been counted.
Death sentence needs to be considered by the law makers on this vice which is threatening to eat up the youth in Africa and Uganda.
You have perhaps heard of the fabled Queen of Sheba, the Biblical home of the Ark of the Covenant, the birthplace of coffee.
Graft fight: Nakalema’s team recovers sh7b #EPAPER: http://is.
This week’s issue reveals all.
The ministry said that the 8,313 tests it ran on December 28, 2021, confirmed these new cases, with the test positivity rate now at 22%.
The Director of Public Prosecution speaks out on the arrest of the MOVIT boss, Simpson Birungi by the army.
Ocheng said that because the key suspect Patrick Kasaija, who is on the run in South Africa, has never been arrested and arraigned before court.
Wonder if ULRC will also demand a lodging fee?
Her convoy caused death to two persons who were left on the roadside as she drove off.
I wish he lost atleast a tooth.
Dnt push it hard,he may fear the speed, i will end up fully having him coz of the closeness.
Dey have started wawa!
Plz hel n clear GMY for me a big reward awaits.
Ugandans can and will take care of their affairs.
This represents about 3.
The Police this morning barred blocked Lord Mayor Erias Lukwago from leaving his home.
Last year Saudi Arabia denied Uganda from travelling to Mecca due to the Ebola outbreak in the country, but relaxed the ban this year.
As you reach your 40s, your muscles become less pliable, so they need to be stretched longer.
The Ministry of Health has confirmed 743 new COVID-19 cases in Uganda and five Covid-19 related deaths.
Infootball: Valencia reject Chelsea bid for Andre Gomes.
Kenya Special forces alongside Israeli and British Security personnel are preparing for a final assault to rescue remaining hostages and put the terrorists out of action.
#Maldives Ex-President Nasheed arrested and beaten by police.
Tumukunde, who appeared before the military court presided over by Brig.
Vice President Jessica Alupo attributed the delayed repatriation of the body of the servant of God, to strict COVID-19 protocols in Greece.
The graceful Uganda Cranes are set to break a 3 decade jinx a few hours from now.
Semujju should stand for President.
Fdc supporters in Rukungiri district putting up banners to welcome FDC presidential candidate Patrick Oboi Amuriat today.
Age LIMIT BILL TABLED.
For as long as we delay payments, people tend to be corrupt because they know that the money will come after six months or one year,” he said.
The New Vision is with Muhairwe Emmanuel.
Fully FIT: Photo - President Yoweri Museveni leads NRM MPs on a 5km health walk from Kyankwanzi, off Bukomero road, across River Mayanja to Ngoma Bridge and back Sunday.
The week is marked annually in remembrance of the first armed attack, in which President Yoweri Museveni launched the guerrilla war on February 6, 1981.
He personally knows every child's home and this helps him identify the needs of each child.
Get your free supplement in the New Vision.
More in the New Vision #EPAPER-https://vpg.
That was just an era.
Are you a soccer fan, specifically in love with the English Premier League?
The recipients were decorated by President Yoweri Museveni during celebrations to mark the International Labour Day at Kaunda Grounds in Gulu district.
Accompanied by her husband, President Yoweri Museveni, Janet was among 1,640 students who graduated at Uganda Christian University, Mukono.
This what happens when refugees become a business.
Who cares when women are raped, molested and neglected by spouses.
May the lord accept our prayers.
Accreditation for over 10,000 delegates started on Saturday at Kololo Independence Grounds.
So the entire UWA couldn't afford a tranquilizer?
"Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference".
Dr. Betty Mpeka, a Ugandan medic who has been at the forefront of fighting malaria under the Malaria Consortium, has succumbed to COVID-19.
Details in todays New Vision.
It's a day to celebrate love.
Here in Uganda, October kicked off with several events.
All you need is mtn200 400naira or 750naira airtime whichever one you like but please dnt use 1500.
Her dying wish was for Lottie to one day attend Rosewood Hall.
He surrendered to us yesterday (Wednesday) and we're holding him somewhere and some other commanders of his," the officer said, asking not to be named.
Archbishop, Dr Cyprian Kizito Lwanga asks politicians, security forces & Ugandans to promote peace & unity.
Who should copy the other?
The move is aimed at curbing the spread of the deadly Ebola haemorrhagic fever among inmates and other people.
Just over 4hrs to kick off and Namboole is already packed!
But researchers have found that elephants are scared off by bees and a team in Kenya has now developed a protective beehive fence which keeps hungry elephants at bay.
Other Ugandans were not just deserted,but killed by his men.
A gorgeous girl at 08.
In fact when fighting other diseases like HIV, colera and Ebola we have never seen security involvement but why on COVID?
The New Vision is with Kule Able Muke and Abooki W Christo.
Kiprotich checks his facebook account.
Dr. Ruhakana Rugunda has described as fabrication a claim by Princess Beatrice Namikka that he was involved in the fire that gutted Kasubi royal tombs in March: http://ow.
Who gave Kip+rich the flag?
More goals to secure.
Yes, on Thursday, while other lawmakers were distracted with the pope’s departure from the House chamber, Brady sneaked up to the lectern and snatched the glass used by His Holiness, the Philadelphia Daily News first reported.
That is our Uganda .
#Brideandgroomexpo: The models have rocked the runway!
Tough conditions for refugees as monthly food rations reduce.
By the way, this is how the two sides lined up for today's duel, with Shamirah Nabadda the centre referee.
What took place in Juba was a misunderstanding between presidential guards within their division, it was not a coup attempt," Machar told the Paris-based Sudan Tribune news website, in his first public comments since fighting broke out on Sunday.
Saturday Vision brings you a story on how people are hiring gifts during kwanjula ceremonies, and the ceremony just goes on fine.
I look forward to what happens next year".
Power Company, UMEME has switched off power supply to Mulago Nursing and Medical Schools over unpaid energy bills of up to sh916m.
It's perfect when it arrives and it puts itself in our hands.
I always have been and always will be PUFF DADDY!
Lottie has one prized possession, a glittering tiara that was a gift from her now-deceased mother who raised her to be kind, brave and unstoppable.
when they killed an innocent man.
The most useless government leaders in place, with the worst media group called The New Vision.
A suicide bomber injured four policemen, one critically, outside a Shiite mosque in southern Pakistan as the country marked the beginning of the religious festival Eid al-Adha on Tuesday.
The 30-year-old Bukwo athlete consequently atoned for his third place finish last year, winning himself sh500,000 -- see more at: https://goo.
Do u ever think that we consider the concept of value for money befor buying news papers?
He has died at a time when boxing still needed his mentorship".
Speaking to New Vision online, a family member who preferred anonymity said “Mzee was no feeling well last evening and he was taken to hospital at around 10pm on Tuesday”.
Mukaabya kajanja you have to pay PAYE.
Get a free copy of the 'SECURE FUTURE' pullout in the Sunday Vision--https://vpg.
" I can see the last 2000m going crazy, Mo Farah ( the 10,000m Olympic champion) will go crazy".
Writer must be a muganda cos that sounds like a direct transalation.
Your SUNDAY VISION is ready.
hit a club, sista!
Kitende tactician Joseph Kasana introduced Egaku early in the second half for the ineffective Shafik Bukenya and the impact was instant.
What is your take on the IGG taking on "Small Cases"?
Bulgarian nationals (L-R) Ivan Ganchev, Milen Katsarski, Adrian Dimitrov and Antun Ivanov in the dock at Buganda Road Court Kampala.
This prompted principal state attorney Susan Okalany to also apply for warrant of arrest for surety Ling Zhang Sino and Artib Sinan Rwaguma both residents of UTC village LCI Nakasero Parish where the suspect lived.
A declaration issued after the summit said that defense ministers from the 14-member states will convene immediately to take steps to implement this directive.
May be the danger is not the virus.
This bridge on the Old Mbale-Nabumali road in Bumbobi subcounty, Bubilabi parish broke down two years ago.
The countries in the COMESA region have found themselves in a dilemma.
•The 43-year-olds are both electrical mechanics.
In fact, this is the only comedian i always want to watch.
Robbed of his birthright, he grows up the hard way in the back alleys of the city, not knowing who he truly is.
On top of war, poverty, and a galloping population, the medical staff face a further obstacle: a patriarchal social code of honour-https://goo.
"Kenya is recovering," he asserted.
The NCHE advised KIU to stay the awards, awaiting confirmation of their authenticity, a decision which the university ignored.
have a caring dad.
I do not want to look back on life and my golden years and regret anything.
Rubirizi residents petition govt over water crisis, New Vision has the story.
Major Kiggundu murderer not found.
Detailed story in Saturday Vision.
“Uganda is one of the most peaceful countries anywhere on the globe.
(2)40yrs back under the 1975 Land Decree all land was vest in gvt so from whom did he buy?
“Sometimes we don’t realize the blessings we have until we no longer have them.
Search for bodies, clues after Ethiopian Airlines Boeing crash.
Mps on Tuesday debated whether to allow prisoners have sex (conjugal rights) or not.
To maintain good arguments, stick to the rules of arguing.
Muhoozi Kainerugaba, commander of SFC is alive, well & kicking on duty in Uganda".
Get for yourself a copy OF Today's New Vision or subscribe here and access full digital content for todays or any of our previous copies; http://epaper.
They learn to set goals and then work to achieve those goals.
read the news all over the world.
And who cares what people interprete!
11Th March, 2011 : An earthquake with a magnitude of 8.
Where did they source their members from?
His tough talk and daring tongue, especially about people and matters many prefer to massage with crocodile smiles, gave me an impression of invincibility.
The country made history in the continent by becoming the first African country to gain independence.
Any can win except Arsenal.
Like everyone else, these people have the same right to food, healthcare, shelter, education as well as being able to learn skills to earn themselves an income.
Clash ov the Titans?
Four in five adolescents worldwide do not get enough physical activity, to the detriment of their health, the World Health Organization said Friday, warning that girls especially need more exercise.
But any way am not suprised its order of the day!
In a survey, women in particular rated kissing as important, but more promiscuous members of both sexes rated kissing has a very important way of testing out a new mate.
“Our focus now at the ministry of agriculture is to partner with such commercial lead farmers, build their capacity so they, in turn, can lift other small farmers,” Frank Tumwebaze, the minister for agriculture.
Uganda Sports Journalists Association dinner at Grand Imperial Royal Hotel.
Once again, the #Ugandan teenage athletics star shines on the international stage, setting a new 3000m world lead and national record in #Rome.
🎥 Watch below 👇🏽 a sneak peek of what you will be reading about in this week's Saturday Vision (January 1, 2022).
Various high profile guests.
Get a copy in the Saturday Vision-https://vpg.
She got married at 19 while in her first year at university.
Bumper Harvest with 400 acres of maize and expecting to get 16,102 bags of 100kgs each.
Its their problem nti they don't like it.
Flip the KAMPALA SUN online here https://vpg.
If that be right, then he can only be a Mr. Wold horse.
My only worry is that we may not be able to attend all trainings and thereafter pick out what can work for us as we venture into Agribusiness.
They are having tribal issues that are ideological and not legal matters.
"He loved football and nurtured many footballers, some of whom he gave scholarships," one of the people who followed him told New Vision.
This is a new trend where a group of civil servants collude to steal money.
6% in the year to May from 3.
Is a 16yr old a kid?
For about two weeks, she remained in police custody in Japan but was later released without charges under unclear circumstances.
There is no provision in the NRM constitution, which allows the President to be sued.
Will corruption allow us to build something like this?
The project has a capacity of connecting more than 6,500 customers, according to a statement from the company.
Ugandans are praying that this question is answered in the affirmative when Moses Kipsro takes to the track in the London Olympics 5000 meter final tonight.
There is tight security at the Supreme Court of Kenya, access to roads has been restricted and in some cases cordoned off with interesting tape.
Sande Sevens Tichodri Togboa, while addressing heads of schools during the senior five selection exercise.
Those who start up some sweet jazz and don't summarise.
In the crucial Barclays Premier League relegation match.
Athletics star Jacob Kiplimo turns his attentions on the 3,000m race in Rome tonight.
Are you taking the precautions seriously?
Infact tomorrow I want to see devonture white paper as ur topic in history.
Education experts want government sponsorship for university students scrapped and replaced with student loans.
Police commissioner Christine Alalo was described as a distinguished officer who served the Police with dedication.
Japan, known for the longevity of its people, is also home to the world’s oldest man — 112-year-old Sakari Momoi.
Ugandan women smuggled to China to work as surrogate mothers carry up to four babies at a go, new details indicate.
I'M thinking of moving out and leaving my husband with the reality of life.
No it depends on which place of work u need help so educational background comes next en da positioning of urself 2 talt on 4ne depends on ur wish.
The New Vision is with Mbuga E Mayambala.
Video-Sharing giant YouTube has already banned posts that spread false myths around coronavirus treatments, including ones that share inaccurate claims about Covid-19 vaccines shown to be safe.
A mother of five was on Saturday killed by lightning in Kole district, leaving her six-month-old baby and husband, who were near her, unhurt.
The Democratic Party (DP), has demanded that all public officials involved in the oil industry declare their assets and subject their declaration to verification.
The La Liga title will be decided in a mouthwatering winner-takes-all clash between Barcelona & Atletico next Sunday.
This is the second public mass held for the deceased who died in Nairobi , Kenya last week.
Police officers go club.
The function of taking over was held at Ministry of finance boardroom and was Chairman Amber house Steven Bamwanga(l),state minister for finance(investment), Aston Kajara and Under –secretary Ministry of Energy and Mineral Development, Ronald Gyagenda.
The King of Toro Oyo Nyimba Kabamba Iguru Rukiidi 4th has called on all youths in Toro and Uganda at large to invest their time and the little resources that they have in live stock farming.
Among the big wigs addressing the crowds at the event is Onesmus Twinamatsiko the Bugangaizi East MP, Hon Ibrahim Abiriga, Arua Municipality Member of Parliament (MP) ,Hon.
buh now prostitution gonna increase.
News of the faltering performance of Soroti Flying School has raised the question of whether the private sector should be involved more in aviation in Uganda.
The launch which was among others witnessed by the the First Lady who is also the Minister of Education and Sports, Mrs Janet Museveni took place at Booma grounds in Hoima, Thursday https://goo.
Today is International Short Story Day!
Apprehensive about the likely loss of votes arising from lack of support, the president of People's Development Party, Abed Bwanika has begun moves to woo fellow 2016 presidential aspirants to back him.
Be positive minded for once.
President Uhuru Kenyatta has now been allowed to skip some of the hearings of his International Criminal Court (ICC) trial, set to begin on November 12.
Eu has pledged support regional force to combat rebel activities.
No wonder, in China everything is fake from people to their products n that's why for us here in Germany we don't use their products.
Sh39B SALARY SCAM HITS ISO,FINANCE.
Bogus,Is that a deal?
David Muhoozi, has instituted a team to inquire into the recent battering of journalists and civilians during the free Bobi Wine riots that rocked Kampala on August 19.
📸 Check out the pictures 👉🏽.
First u make an appointment.
LDC is the only institution in the country which trains .
A Nairobi Senator Gidion Mbuvi Sonko says he had information about the Westgate Shopping Mall attackers and added that he informed the National Intelligence Service about the impending attack but the agency did not act.
The national celebrations are in Fort Portal district, where President Yoweri Museveni is expected to be the guest of honour.
Us President Barack Obama has decided to nominate Air Force General Lori J Robinson to lead all military forces in North America, making her the first woman to lead a military combatant command.
Now you see how unprepared uganda's planners are .
Money remitted by Ugandans living abroad is expected to reach $773m (sh1.
Indemnity bla bla bla Naya Bala come here.
Tear gas was fired at Nkokonjeru and Kiyanja villages to disperse the students who, armed with slashers, sticks and pangas, were on their way to Mbarara High School after the qualification of Mbarara High School to represent Mbarara in the fourth coming COPA Coca-Cola championship.
Amidst challenges,it remains a mass popular party.
Toast from our selection of local beers, select specialty/house cocktails, wines, appetizers and more.
Having a mentor within your company is particularly valuable he/she can identify opportunities for advancement you might overlook, guide you through challenging projects, and help you build relationships with higher-ups.
As it happened 👉🏽.
Wait for him no more, for The Walking Man, and his now 16 companion walkers including yours truly, set foot in Kampala today, Monday October 14.
All 20 National Basketball League clubs are to pocket shs3million each in a move which is the first of its kind in the sport.
Fifteen people suspected to be terrorists and belonging to the Allied Democratic Forces (ADF) rebel group have been remanded to Luzira, Kitalya and Kigo Prison.
I spend many hours awake while you sleep.
SMS: Type 'Pakasa' (leave a space) your details and send to 8338.
Refugee verification exercise kicks off storm.
Also in attendence at the Buganda Youth Day is Presidential Aspirant and FDC party flag bearer Col.
New Year, New Look.
Watya nga emyaka jjona bwakubeerawo mulijjuza makomera ?
The way they apologised 100 times for reporting about Ziggy Wine!
The group mortgage enables groups to own property through pooling of resources and also allows for groups to benefit from the rise in property price through acquiring property for re-sale.
do they also do it for God and their country .
Even prefects in schools are not voted by lining.
According to Mutuuzo, govt is concerned about the increasing cases of GBV throughout the country, some of which have claimed lives of Ugandans.
It was also tough-going at the King Power Stadium.
i guess ds is one way of stealing money.
This tweak with you guys.
Email: explorerdubai26@gmail.com, info@explorerdubailtd.com, www.
Wow the guy is fit and stable who can u run on trucks!
The New Vision is with Mawa Aldo and Awio Francis.
Soldiers here counting teeth of a possible recruit.
Read article in Saturday Vision-https://vpg.
The Uganda Federal Alliance (UFA) president, Beti Olive Kamya has said her party would not take part in any demonstration organised by presidential candidates who lost in the February 18 polls: http://ow.
People who have bills to pay, school fees and loans.
After commissioning the market, the NRM Presidential flag bearer will address party members in Busia district.
옛 말에 원숭이도 나무에서 떨어질 때가 있다고 했다.
Just how bad was Williamson's tenure?
If he wants politics, remove the uniform and swim the political mudy waters.
That was the first shop to be constructed in Uganda by Vasco Dagama in 1889 after the Berlin conference!
"We either have free and fair elections or no elections at all.
In the NewVision find out how the Parliament’s Public Accounts Committee humbled the powerful Secretary to the Treasury, Keith Muhakanizi.
The court hearing between Haji Nasser Ntege Sebaggala and telecom operator MTN over ringtones copyright ownership, is scheduled to commence next year on February 3.
Get the details in New Vision #EPAPER- https://vpg.
>How can I help those in denial of HIV?
A court in the Maldives on Monday refused bail to former president Mohamed Nasheed after he was arrested on terrorism charges and denied access to his lawyers, his party said.
Get the ball rolling by nominating your favorite outstanding person making exceptional strides in their career or community via Sunday@newvision.
The dead child was on a boda boda with its mother and another sibling when the taxi hit them.
"I tried not to get on the boat three times," singer Iryn Namubiru recalls after she was saved from the capsized boat, MV Templar.
Neither the warrant or arrest warrant has yet been executed.
President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni has offered startup capital worth over sh500m to 317 graduates of Lutunku Community Polytechnic in Sembabule district.
Difficult in a sense that we have an important election in a couple of months from now, for which we must prepare and ensure a peaceful, free and fair election.
The New Vision is at Case Clinic.
The Police in #Kenya say they are treating the #WestgateAttack as a terrorist operation.
East Africa is highly compatible, similar and linked.
The hosts are in control!
Miss it, miss out!
He wanted me to be different from my brother.
Why do we celebrate independence?
Of course KCCA has for eliminate crime with the help of police if they want a clean and peaceful city.
The New Vision is with Musinguzi Deus and 7 others.
In the recent past, drug trafficking in Uganda has been known to be done through Entebbe International Airport, where traffickers have been nabbed with pellets in their stomachs or drugs concealed in bags.
Very GOOD HIS EXCELLENT.
You don't know Raila Odinga, he has exhausted his political tactics , for a better Kenya DP William Ruto has proven his case and it's now clearer that the Kenyan population has drifted to the UDA and Hustler narrative.
Will they go through or not?
Nrm rejects Mwiru’s victory, opts for court.
Must YOU FIRST BUILD A HOUSE BEFORE GETTING A WIFE?
Tinkasimire was admitted after collapsing upon seeing his ex-wife who sustained severe burns when the MP’s house in Mukono was torched.
He is in Parliament haha, Uganda!
The dead dead is a woman who had been detained for questioning by the guards.
Driver who carried bricks in an ambulance has been sentenced.
The accident occurred at Kigalama, about ten kilometers from Mityana to Mubende.
A driver is 2 direct the vihecle but n't a condactor what do i mean ?
The New Vision is with Moses Nathan Muhangi and 3 others.
Head of Marketing Susan Nsibirwa on behalf of Vision Group wishes to thank Ugandans for Kiprotich Prize especially the ones below who contributed to the drive.
Rate this hair style.
The Inspector General of Police, Lt.
Those are the key words in the headline.
If you're over 40, hold them for 60 seconds.
let not failures n hypocrites threaten you.
Presidents from countries that contribute troops to the African Union Mission in Somalia (AMISOM) have agreed at the Djubouti summit to bolster operations in Somalia.
Mengo has announced arrangements for Buganda Youth Day celebrations 2015 which will commence from October 30,2015 and the main event held on November 7,2015 at Kasangati- Kyadondo Saza Headquarters.
The Police in Mukono are holding a woman who allegedly stormed Mukono Church of Uganda Hospital and stole property belonging to the nurses and the patients in the private wing.
Since when did humans became suspious objects?
Dick Olum, the former Commander of Uganda operations against LRA in Central African Republic has taken full command and control of Uganda contingent forces operating in Somalia under African Union Mission in Somalia (AMISOM).
The practice by some men of sharing their spouses’ Antiretroviral drugs (ARVs) to treat themselves could lead to drug resistance, experts have warned.
Yes shoot them up.
The first step is gaining a loyal following.
Chameleon and Parliament Speaker; Rebecca Kadaga.
Mr Pistorius denies murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
BTW, he is the second generation owner.
E A C !
Our team is already on the ground waiting.
Government has suspended the printing and issuance of national IDs on account of the high margin of error in the existing data being used to issue them.
For how long is the expo going to run?
The New Vision is with Josephat Riobasky Mobagi and 4 others.
Clinical trials for the world’s first Malaria vaccine released last week have shown a 30% efficacy rate, which scientists have described as disappointing.
Scouts in Uganda have sent scout’s scarf to Pope Francis to hail him for the good work he is doing for the church and the world.
At the age of 93 and nearly five months, Benedict XVI officially became the oldest pope in history on Friday.
Despite widespread awareness about HIV/AIDS, some men are still trapped in the web of fear for testing and have resorted to sharing drugs with their wives.
However,our relationship has been on and off.
Chuck Berry, was a music pioneer and often called "the Father of Rock 'n' Roll,".
The Police is on high alert following a blast that yesterday ripped through shops in central Nairobi injuring 28.
Good going New vision, you want us to pay for trees that Kaguta will sell to Mehta.
Please check what you Publish.
The DNA will hang around in their mouth for at least an hour.
The New Vision is feeling determined.
The New Vision is with Emmanuel Oduka.
Studies on appreciation in romantic relationships show that expressing gratitude to your partner predicts an increase in your relationship satisfaction.
When Rice became the US secretary, it was so beautiful when an African woman took over such a position, we bless the lord for blessing AFRICA.
The New Vision is with Samuel M Bagenda and 2 others.
Revamped Josh this is the story i was telling u about the reverand and his wife and child who were killed by his son.
Engineers assessed the damage and recommended that sh680m was needed to restore the bridge, but the two districts cannot raise the money.
The tournament was held at St. Joseph’s Vocational School (Jovoc) in Mbarara.
All I know is the fact that my song was the first on the market.
As #Uganda today joins the rest of the world to celebrate #WorldTourismDay2021, let us take you up the beguiling Mt.
Kampala executive director Jenifer Musisi and Lord mayor Erias Lukwago share a light moment at Onduparaka, Arua before a soccer match last evening.
Find the story in today's New Vision.
The three, whose names are yet to be revealed, were officers in charge of Rwanyamukinya station in Kashozi Sub-County, Sheema District.
Winners earn a trip to visit the Netherlands.
Age limit: Why is NRM in talks with opposition MPs?
Do NOT miss FREE training about opportunities for farmers in the oil and gas sector.
You might be surprised to learn that the shoe that fits you best is actually from a brand you’ve never tried before.
Do u know the competition u are up against.
Once George Bush is tried for crimes committed while in power the we have no problem with our leaders going for trial or else No way.
Charles Kato Katongole, 85, the assistant parish priest of Katende Catholic parish in Mpigi district is dead.
Who payed them should be the quation.
Firefighters in Lebanon's capital have put out a fire at a building under construction, in what was the third blaze to hit the city since a massive explosion at the port.
Inzzi lying 7th with 1 lap to go.
The guerrilla group led by Joseph Kony, whose global notoriety was increased by the Invisible Children Internet video, is also blamed for the abduction of between 60,000 and 100,000 children and the displacement of 2.
May his soul Rest In Peace.
that have longed wished to be rich and famous?
The New Vision is with Ema Roots.
They are usually non-cancerous (benign).
All you can do is change how you react to it”.
And what do we do then?
The UN has voted to remove cannabis from a category of the world's most dangerous drugs, which could impact the global medical marijuana industry.
A senior UPDF officer, Lt.
Gentlemen how can one trust his life in a piece of rubber?
If one person does it, it doesn't mean that the whole Europe is like that,for one cannibalist in uganda, doesn't mean that all ugandans are cannibals.
“I am tired of seeing [Busoga] people buying matooke [bananas] from Mbarara and Bugisu, yet we can produce our own here.
Today, she owns and runs Little Royals Nursery School in Seguku.
Er its clear or not to you .
Yeah Europeans again telling us what and how to do it.
Details in the #EPAPER — bit.
Your feedback is valuable in helping us improve the Bride and Groom Magazine.
#Newvision: A city court has issued criminal summons against the embattled city businessman, Andrew Kananura alias Desh over charges of fraud of sh340m.
New and continuing students are eligible.
Nssf has told the members that save with the Fund to expect a reduction in the interest rate this year compared to last year.
For the Commonwealth Parliamentary Conference (#64CPC2019) delegates, it has been a day of visiting places, including Bulange Mengo & Lubiri, religious installations🙏, Kagulu Hill, Source of the #Nile🌊 and the Equator 👉 .
✍️ Daniel Karibwije 👉https://bit.
please dont lose all sense of potent understanding and start acting like retarded nikopumps use the remaining balance of that white substance in your head to potray some elementary communication skills so we can understand your message its all too confusing to follow dear government paper!
New Vision gives you details of what she is accused of doing and how the money was siphoned out.
7bn has already been pooled from the various private firms in the area awaiting implementation of the programme.
Remove the chicken wings from the marinade and pat dry.
It's not easy for some parents to play with their children for various reasons ranging from it's childish, I have no time, it's not my responsibility etc but they don't know that it improves interaction between you and your child, stimulates a dormant child, it gives you room to understand your child better and above all it improves and promotes the child emotionally.
Russian FEDERATION, Sochi : Armenia's Mher Avanesyan (LW 5/7-1) competes in the Men's Alpine Skiing Slalom Standing during the XI Paralympic Olympic games at the Rosa Khutor Alpine Center near Sochi on March 13, 2014.
See more in HARVEST MONEY.
Beauty attracts men but character keep them.
Struggling to lift yourself out of bed?
The president signed the bill on 2nd October.
The move by a section of lawmakers affiliated to the ruling National Resistance Movement (NRM) to purge the Constitution of a provision that bars individuals above 75 years from taking a shot at the presidency has been given a nod by Cabinet.
I think we are going to lose our own.
According to neighbours, Pule had always had disagreements with Amolo accusing her of adultery.
The Uganda Shilling might have depreciated marginally in October and November but Uganda’s export earnings have once again risen.
The fearsome dreadnoughts can practically endanger any part of the world by deploying their air groups, comprising fighter and strike jets, as well as surveillance and electronic intelligence aircraft.
Police later confirmed they were looking into the abuse that had come the Liverpool striker's way, with a Merseyside Police statement saying: "We can confirm officers are looking into offensive comments made on Twitter about Mario Balotelli earlier on Sunday".
She tells her success story here 👉🏿 .
It'S an all Spanish.
The New Vision is with Jovin Joseph Muganzi and Moses Nathan Muhangi.
It is alleged that between 2010 to 2012 the suspects contrived a plot to over throw the government through meetings, recruitment, mobilization, acquisition of arms, uniforms, soliciting funds in different parts of Kampala, Wakiso, Soroti, Kampala, Kiboga, Ntungamo, Kenya and DRC.
Lawyer Katuntu has concluded his High Court submissions, insisting that #Lukwago is still Lord Mayor.
The Police in Kakiri, Wakiso district arrested several revelers for allegedly flouting COVID-19 guidelines.
The media has over time been awash with child torture and abuse mainly by people who are supposed to protect them such as relatives, parents’ friend, nannies, teachers, etc.
Bambi am seeing only girls.
Well, it's something you already know - only it is executed with brilliance and commitment.
Weightlifter Charles Sekyaya, the USPA Weightlifter of the Year has hit the mark to participate in the 2014 World Weightlifting championships in Kazakhstan due November 6-16.
#Bestfarmers2017 at Tomato world, a research centre for growing tomatoes.
What is a fatty liver?
Today's opening games have proved just that.
I support moses golola with all of mi life.
That was not fair decision at all from Government.
Guys just admit, this is evil, wrong iideology whoever initiated it is satanic, its not peaceful at all.
Diversion AT ITS BEST.
The venue is booked for a wedding.
But just weeks before her due date, she received news that shocked her.
ly/390M5Bk for details on how to apply.
After Sonora hearing a sermon about Jarvis' Mother's Day in 1909 at Central Methodist Episcopal Church, she told her pastor that fathers should have a similar holiday honoring them.
What is he doing now?
They should have turned NSSF into a pension a long time ago and made civil servants contribute to there pension.
Pep Guardiola's #ManCity found three late goals to overcome #Wolves 4-1 and register their 21st straight win in all competitions, as well as consolidate themselves as the firm favorites to win the #EPL title.
I have a great track record of performance.
In a separate bowl, whip cream until peaks form.
Gerald Top: Because of Uganda's hot climate, farmers are required to invest in good ventilation for their poultry.
Presidential Candidate Amama Mbabazi has this morning addressed the press at his residence in Kololo.
Andras Nagy controversially defeats Golola Moses on points (49-46) to win the vacant World Kickboxing Federation (WKF) Inter-Continental Super middleweight title.
According to the biological clock, many women will have summed up their menstrual cycle when they are about 45-55 years old.
It is the many little things you do making popcorn, playing cards, window shopping that kids will remember.
Find out what Odrek Rwabwogo has to say about the use of social media.
Nrm gets donation of 20 motorcycles.
Be innovative as Kampala International university.
15 presidents have confirmed their attendance to celebrate with Uganda its Golden Jubilee.
The locked-down Chinese city of Xi'an on Monday tightened Covid-19 controls to the "strictest" level, banning residents from driving cars around town in an effort to control the country's worst outbreak in 21 months.
It was a display of culture from Eastern Africa as Uganda and Burundi were welcomed to London for the 2012 Olympic Games amidst fun and traditional display at the Games Village arena this afternoon.
Wow people appreciated !
Operations underway to rescue five Kenyans kidnapped by suspected Al Shabaab militia.
The first aviation expo in Uganda will be held at Kimaka Airfield in Jinja.
Like the rest of the car market, luxury brands have suffered during the pandemic, and Rolls-Royce is no exception.
They have got other ways you eating people's money.
Archbishop of Kampala Diocese, Dr Cyprian Kizito Lwanga, launching St Charles Lwanga Catholic Parish at Mutundwe on Sunday.
Go with your cameras,and show the truth.
They are energetic and during this long holiday, have plenty of time on their hands.
On Friday, social media discussions centred on images of hundreds of people spending the night on the ground in the New Taxi Park in Kampala.
The New Vision is with Ochan Jimjuuko.
Former Chairman of the Council of State, Ghana, Professor Kofi Awoonor Killed In Nairobi Terrorist Attack.
🇰🇪 The Safari Rally Kenya 2021 was a huge international motorsport attraction, with racers raising clouds of dust through the tricky courses.
During the lent period, we give up some of those things we like.
In 2016, we had to leave the village because residents were complaining about her.
dont base yo coment upon emotions, wrong belief en unfair comparisons wid da loz of yo home state dat are even hard 2 enfoce.
he didn't own the boat.
let your will be done as ever before.
The New Vision is with Droti J DE Roky and Mbuga E Mayambala.
My cousin brother was on that plane please help me find him and all victims.
The New Vision is with Beekalaze James and Emmanuel Sekandi.
, see what is happening here?
U must b good at ur on game.
The Ugandan ministry of gender, labour and social development has released a list (at bottom of page) of only 25 licensed private overseas recruitment companies in Uganda.
Construction should be of high rise structures to optimally utilize land,” Migereko said.
Imagine that you're going to get punched in the belly.
Find out who they are and other details in the New Vision -http//.
Do something my brethren before it's late.
Labour union leaders have asked President Yoweri Museveni to sign the National Social Security (NSSF) Amendment Bill 2021 as a New Year gift to workers.
The Deputy Speaker of Parliament, Jacob Oulanyah, has warned the newly elected MPs from Lango sub-region against greed and high expectations while in office.
Are you looking for, a proposal ring?
Today, we launch the #HarvestMoney website.
The New Vision is with Aguta Collins and 3 others.
The new taxi park will be officially opened for commuter taxis at the beginning of next month.
Police hunt for former UBC boss.
As long as boda bodas are not allowed to move freely, the rest of what he said is useless!
Destination >> Mandela National Stadium as Uganda Cranes plot Thump Liberia in 2014 WC Qualifier.
Is it still existing or he died of something else?
“He lives a life so ordinary that when you find him, you cannot believe he has a billion shillings on his account,” Salamu Musumba, Kamuli District LC5 chairperson, describes Sande Kyemba, arguably one of 2 of Kamuli’s wealthiest businessmen.
South Sudan President Salva Kiir, President Joseph Kabila of Congo and Pierre Nkurunziza of Burundi on Sunday jetted into the country for Uganda's Golden Jubilee independence celebrations slated for Tuesday.
The New Vision is with Acikule FD Lawrence.
The kingdom’s second deputy premier also in charge for Culture, Heritage, Royal Tombs and Tourism, Muhamood Ssemambo Ssekimpi said the main pillar on which the entire roof of the house is designed has already been raised and completed.
On Monday, the young woman, whose actions sparked a plethora of debate across various media platforms – thanks to the exposed video – showed up in court appearing rather calm and reserved.
A lack of communication can create a void in your relationship that can create a downward spiral from where there is no return.
Nga silaba Pakwach City ?
Katumba, killed his daughter and driver and injured him.
Chek out & like Pakasa Vision for more.
#Wuliraeddoboozi: Nze kkubo, nze mazima n'obulamu Omukama bw'agamba.
Irene ntale has no time for love.
She was accompanied by the Unilever marketing manager, country manager,Peter Muchiri, Unilever Marketing manager, Diana Nabukenya, and CEO East Africa and Emerging Markets Unilever, Marc Engel .
In MWALIMU: Educating girls benefits every one.
Social enterprise Tugende has spoken out about the ownership of a motorcycle and its rider who died on November 16, following two twin suicide bomb attacks in Kampala.
The ruling party candidate in Tanzania's semi-autonomous Zanzibar was declared the winner in its presidential election, the electoral commission said on Monday.
French people are among the casualties from the London attack which left six dead and nearly 50 wounded, the Elysee Palace said on Sunday without giving further details.
Police has apologised to the people of Kooki over the way their cultural leader Kamuswaga Apollo Sansa Kabumbuli was handled by security of vice president Edward Kiwanuka Sekandi.
The white-spotted bamboo shark has lived at Great Yarmouth’s Sea Life Centre since 2013 after her previous home in Hunstanton was damaged in floods.
They’Re excellent both inside and outside the classroom.
Use a soft, confident tone of voice to redirect children when they are upset.
The Kampala Lord Mayor, Erias Lukwago has installed his deputy, Suleiman Kidandala, defying a directive by the city executive director, Jennifer Musisi to halt the ceremony.
#Wuliraeddoboozi: Atya Katonda assaamu Kitaawe ekitiibwa ebbaluwa ya pawulo Omutume eri Abekoloosi 3:12-21.
Beatrice Kezaabu, Hussein Katumwa and Martin Owor have also been remanded.
President of the International Olympic Committee since 2001.
Hundreds of people took to the streets of the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo city of Beni on Sunday after another eight people were killed overnight in new violence.
Mtnkampalamarathon Launch: This year's theme: Run for Kampala" Vision Group one of the partners with MTN.
Well, it is possible, and this has been demonstrated by students at Kitante Hill School.
Updf soldiers in trouble over leaked information.
"Without your sacrifice the cause would be lost.
The pioneering experiment in Iceland mixed CO2 emissions with water and pumped it hundreds of meters (feet) underground into volcanic basalt rock -- where it rapidly turned into a solid.
💬 THE LEGEND SAID IT .
Get the report in the New Vision.
Luganda will not be scrapped from the education syllabus, Vice-President Edward Kiwanuka Ssekandi has said.
Let the offenses be something that you will avoid a wide berth during an argument.
Kizza Besigye in the High Court and in the General Court Martial.
Every year or two, spend some time really thinking about your career.
Children, obey your parents in everything, for this pleases the Lord.
said the youngest MP in Uganda and Africa; Hon.
That'S so wonderful let's us prepare ur selves .
You can as well visit Buildnet at Ntinda Complex Block B, First Floor Or visit their website www.
Golola Moses had some measure of satisfaction after edging Hungarian rival Betya Istavan on points in a non-title kickboxing fight at Kyadondo ground on Friday.
David Land and his two Ugandan aides were trapped by an avalanche.
I wish all families could practise it.
Quite Sory But Megalomaniacs Had Better Take Lessons.
We established this last Friday at Club Venom in Kabalagala, where Crown Beverages’ Pepsi, which will be flying Konshens into the country, hosted journalists to a launch party of the upcoming concert.
World'S largest indoor amusement park.
Road in Kabul, Afghanistan.
It's expected the "Twin Study" will yield new insights that can help inform a future mission into deep space.
He will be sentenced on July 6.
Why Christians kissed prophet Mbonye's feet.
UNRA Executive Director, Allen Kagina, told a news conference in Kampala that a total of 1736 staff will be recruited.
Fdc presidential hopeful, Maj.
Morocco has asked the United Nations to close its military liaison office in Western Sahara, amid a row between Rabat and the world body over the status of the disputed territory.
We are not a virus".
Interviews with people who have dropped out of the ICC witness list paint a dark picture of an operation that is replete with blackmail by crooked individuals out to derail the cases by all means.
The Jos High Court annulled the 30 September election of Amaju Pinnick as Nigeria Football Federation president.
Today'S Front Page: #NewVision.
"Curbing open defecation is vital from the point of view of creating hygienic conditions and cleanliness and preventing water contamination," the state government said.
President Felix Tshisekedi was visibly moved as he watched the final ceremony for his father, who died in February 2017 in Brussels at the age of 84.
But analysts say the outcome remains unclear given President Kiir and rebel leader Machar's notoriously volatile relationship.
@Danube_Home is committed to transforming your space into your imagination with amazing festive discounts.
With almost all of the precincts reporting, Sanders beat Clinton with 64.
We thank Nnaabagereka for bolstering efforts to change people’s livelihoods.
But should the worst come, we may have to close for holidays,” .
#Breaking #Somalia's Ambassador to #Switzerland Yuusuf Bari-Bari confirmed wounded in the attack.
Following the announcement by President Yoweri Museveni on the re-opening of the places of worship early this week, the Seventh-day Adventist (SDA) Uganda Union Mission has issued guidelines to be followed during services.
Find details and more #EPAPER:.
The Chief of Defence Forces, Gen.
Embarrassing DRC like that; the wealthiest country in the world!
Police spokesperson Judith Nabakooba confirmed the death.
Pensioners are also dying before getting anything.
He said that in order to fulfill its constitutional mandate and the obligation of conducting free and fair elections, the commission should offer competitive salaries.
The New Vision is with Harrison Opondo Obiajulu and 2 others.
What has taken deputy speaker Jacob Oulanyah so long to condemn the security raid on Parliament?
Uganda didn't have betting halls, today they are littered at every corner of the towns for Ugandans to bet there lives away.
Report on medical schools shocks MPs #EPAPER: http://is.
The parliament presidential affairs committee has raised a red flag on the budget for the Luweero Triangle ministry, arguing it cannot serve the purpose of developing the war ravaged area-http://bit.
The criminal Investigations Department in the four districts of West Nile has received motorcycles from the Criminal Investigations Directorate.
God favours women alot so they can do what ever they like.
And they will still leave the seat up instead of putting back in place!
Makerere University has defended itself, saying it is not liable for any loss allegedly suffered by Team Uniform Limited, a company that was contracted to supply graduation gowns.
"Worry weighs a person down; an encouraging word cheers a person up".
Catch Full Blast Talk Show at 10:30 PM.
Winning is when you are number1.
Are you looking for furniture to give your home or office an interior facelift?
He is welc home may be its God's plan 2 bring him bk 2 his p'ple.
My challenge is that every time we argue about anything or every time she needs anything, she goes to her home.
Makerere university’s opening hangs in balance.
What a silly and egocentric defence it is!
Despite not being able to start any major projects in the first quarter of 2013, the Uganda National Roads Authority (UNRA) is confi dent that six major road works will start this year.
Kick Chinese out of Uganda ,we can still live without China Uganda is rich enough.
#Urbanupdates: A group of delegates on a tour around Vision Group ahead of flagging off education material to 48 districts in Uganda.
Get a free copy in Sunday Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Am not a politician but a proffesional soldier, am there fore a man of fews words and i shall as a result be brief.
A first defeat under Zinedine Zidane leaves Real nine points off leaders Barcelona, and four below Atletico.
The story about the alleged kidnap and murder of a 14-year-old Zahara Nakafeero, a daughter to Abdul Kabugo Mugendawala, the Ndagwe sub-county councillor, which dominated the media weeks back could have been a hoax.
The New Vision is with Nikhil Salecha.
Fighting under the banner of The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIS), they regard Iraq's Shia majority as "infidels".
The New Vision is with N Faith Evelyn.
The party is over you have to be.
How about Mbabazi's contribution?
Who is responsible for the delay?
Step away from the laptop during quality time.
Let them advertise or we'll be paying.
2%, and is closely followed by the US with 35.
get over 80 jobs and more interesting Reads.
Find out which health facilities will be revamped and when.
Joy Kavulu literally lived in abject poverty and desperation but she had a dream.
Dr. Ruhakana Rugunda cited in Kasubi fire http://ow.
This Saturday July 18 is Nelson Mandela International Day.
Anger as Park yard market is demolished.
Find the details in the New Vision #EPAPER - https://vpg.
Guns aside,UPDF officers in mass wedding at end-of-year party.
We are here to worship God because of how God strengthened them, and stood by them amidst their persecutions, but not to worship the martyrs- Dr. Kaziimba.
22 Do not lay hands on anyone hastily, nor share in other people’s sins; keep yourself pure.
My husband is often amorous on Sunday mornings when we get a chance to be together for a longer time in bed.
I have survived, we have lost Brenda and that is God's plan.
Despite the tough restrictions of Covid-19, which were in place to be observed, the concert still carried its usual glamour.
What are the intervention forces (including LRA.
This is your opportunity to generate targeted traffic, boost your link popularity, get advertising exposure, and create a branding image with referrals.
The Ministry of Health is calling upon people who traveled to Dubai in the last 2 weeks to get tested.
Six Ugandan national parks have won the 2018 TripAdvisor certificates of excellence to emerge as some of the best parks inthe world.
Jorge Mario Bergoglio (fourth boy from the left on the third row from the top) at age 12, while studying at the Salesian College.
Recognize the problem and take ownership of your role in it no matter how large or how small it may be.
Tell them not to worry,it's going to be tackled in Vision 2040.
The New Vision added 6 new photos — in Munyonyo commonwealth resort.
Who is Hassan Sunderani in the first place?
The Uganda Virus Research Institute has warned of fake HIV-testing kits on sale to the public.
'They use police t feel safe en avoid pipol'z judgement'.
The New Vision was live — with Pastor Jessica Kayanja at Kampala Serena Hotel.
“We are not to blame”.
Mr NATORZ, dont base yo coment upon wat da law ougt 2 be bt rather on wat da law is.
The volcano has been spewing ash and lava 2.
It might help the ministry just to collect data but i doubt if it will assist children like we all hope.
Parliament has bought two Mercedes Benz vehicles worth sh838m for the Speaker and deputy Speaker.
Kampala City Council Authority (KCCA) Court has issued an extended warrant of arrest for city socialite Shanita Namuyimbwa aka Bad Black for jumping bail, this warrant was issued after Black failed to appear in court for a second time.
Last week an outbreak of Marburg hemorrhagic fever in Kabale district in south west Uganda killed four members of the same family.
6%) moved out of the absolute poverty bracket (living beyond $1.
The Family Planning 2020 report (FP2020 ) shows that the ambitious goal of having 120 million additional users of contraception will not be achieved.
While I Was In The U.S They Kidnapped The Daughter Of Some Rich Guy.
1bn) grant to boost its research from the Carnegie Corporation of New York and Alborada Trust of United Kingdom.
How can an institution in whose it's safe custody exhibits routinely disappear investigate another?
As of December 29, 2021, Uganda has reported 1,658 new cases of COVID-19.
Museveni ORDERS TIGHT SECURITY IN INDUSTRIAL PARKS.
Kaliisa is looking to make a point by winning the election and “put to shame her detractors”, who she accuses of rigging her out during the NRM primaries.
Once the army becomes for the people not president.
'State attorneys should ensure that they are not compromised by corrupt defilers.
The New Vision is with Wekesa Tobias.
The Police said Folobia Akasilon assaulted Clement Ofwono at their marital home using an angle bar after Akasilon returned from a drinking spree.
Advert: You no longer have to worry about leaving the site to go search or pick the tools you require for your project, wasting your precious time, Valueware.
One of the requirements for being nominated to contest in the guild polls is to not have a retake.
The Police have recorded 6,888 cases of child defilement within the last six months this year, with Mbale topping the list at 191 cases reported.
Why did we really have elections?
<P>The 36-match group phase kicks off on January 9 at the newly built Olembe Stadium in Yaounde and the tournament concludes at the same 60,000-seat venue on February 6 with the final.
Opm scam: Where are all the big fish?
they are in the streets.
With this new version, readers will be able to access various newspapers on all platforms; web and on mobile devices.
Will rate cuts, loan offers drive up borrowing?
But hey, think again.
Ebisigade abaana balisoma mubitabo.
Updf,Un discuss operations against ADF rebel group .
#Ukrainian right-wing leader Aleksandr Muzychko, also known as Sashko Bilyi, has reportedly been shot dead in western Ukraine, where he coordinated actions of local groups belonging to the nationalist Right Sector movement.
Stir in peanut butter and vanilla.
"I'M not wax," says President Obama to stunned tourists as he goes for a leisurely stroll.
Bobi Wine and three other MPs detained as Arua Municipality goes to polls.
Former Archbishop Henry Orombi meets the Rwenzururu kingdom officials-Read the New Vision for details.
Nagenda on the US Mid-term elections.
Recently women Academicians from various universities gathered at Imperia royal hotel, Kampala and launched the organization for Higher Education Resource Services-East Africa.
Read Full Story by Angela Kateemu.
Kweli tumetoka analog tuko digital!
Bulange Mengo is the administrative seat of Buganda Kingdom.
Please stop being #DIVERSIONARY we kno which party is fidgeting ok?
If you did something that you are sorry about, you not only tell a person that you are sorry for what you said, how you said it, or what you did, but you must promise that person that you will do your very best to never repeat the same mistake again.
Dp has pulled out of the planned IPOD summit.
The New Vision added 15 new photos — with Robert Kabushenga and Charles Onyango-Obbo.
Besides having a closely monitored route, the event will also have competitors again subjected to doping tests.
The Italians have been the dominant side in this opening half tonight.
Grab a copy of the New Vision and find out what's making news.
At least 18 people were killed in Somalia on Saturday in two bomb attacks carried out by suspected Al Shabaab militants in the south of the country and the capital Mogadishu, officials said.
Moses Ali has announced before the house that Ministers Syda Bbumba and Khiddu Makubuya have resigned from their positions with immediate effect.
''Has start'' New Vision really.
only hopless pple think of money cash as de final solutns.
House approves new Prime Minister Ruhakana Rugunda.
He remains Lord Mayor of Kampala.
The only problem is when I talk about the future and subtly discuss the way we feel about each other he shuts off.
Let them think wide not b wz narrow minds.
During my daily,routines ups m downs,I used to pass a gentleman in a kanzu, n a muslim scarf he gives me salams in a good religion acsent.
Anti for them Al-shabab threats is a dream.
Let your feet save you, in Uganda drivers don't stop for pedestrians even on zebra crossing.
"They attacked us," said Morales.
focus on the things that matter in life.
Hopefuls with missing teeth or skin diseases like ringworms were rejected by the army.
Is something big going down near you?
Another health ministry official, Adel Khalifa, confirmed the toll and said the dead included Egyptians and Sudanese and "other African nationalities".
The Financial Intelligence Authority has also taken interest in investigating her wealth.
The army has released names of the 10 soldiers who were killed in Somalia attack on Tuesday.
“The battle at Kembogo, Kiboga district, where Saleh defeated the cream of Ogole’s Special Brigade was the turning point.
Dr. Yonas Tegegn Woldemariam, the WHO country representative has called on Uganda to invest more in adolescents.
Mozambique, where the monster storm made landfall early last Friday, is reeling.
You can sell and buy shares anytime.
Take them to Lwera.
But God says go and multiply!
Front page of Today's NEW VISION.
Man Utd to SACK Moyes as board lose patience after disastrous first season at Old Trafford.
According to a report from the World bank and African Development Bank (AfDB) with support from the African Union in 2012, Information and Communication Technology (ICT) innovations are delivering home-grown solutions in Africa, transforming businesses, and driving entrepreneurship and economic growth.
Reach the Brotherhood of ILLUMINATI today ,and have all your heart desires granted Call 0027630045222 .
Tems, on the other hand, was sent to Kigo Prison and will also return to court on the same date.
Anthony Oumo, Wednesday who gave  his opinion before Justice David Wangutusi of the Anti - Corruption Court , asked court to acquit Kazinda on grounds that the evidence adduced by the prosecution was not sufficient enough to convict him.
Nathan Ayeko (Ug) 1.
Nominate that outstanding someone who has made an impact in their community or career to 📧Sunday@newvision.
Gets tax payers money to build roads in Congo and school in Tanzania.
Kiyonga’s group, which also included state minister Dr. Kamanda Bataringaya, warned that legal action would be taken against the Mumbere and his supporters if they didn’t renounce their plans.
Mobile advertising accounts for some three-quarters of the leading social network's revenue, and it is out to make even more money by weaving the ability to buy items more tightly with marketing messages.
The New Vision is with Mulindwa Fred.
Not Mario Balotelli, as he’s decided a pig will do just as good of a job at keeping him company.
<P>According to UAP Old Mutual General Manager Simon Mwebaze, the largest inflows registered were in the flagship umbrella trust fund which recorded a 70% growth.
learn to read people's narrations carefully.
Now start doing them again.
Emma Kiiza, a resident of Nyenga in Buikwe district was arrested and beaten after being found with a stolen motorcycle registration number UDR 373M that belonged to Rogers Nsubuga.
The fighting began before dawn in Kanyesheza, about 20 kilometres (12 miles) north of the provincial capital Goma, and lasted over four hours, the officials said.
This is the 20th world cup campaign for Brazil.
As the vetting of the newly appointed Electoral Commission was under way in one side of the parliament building on Monday, the Leader of Opposition in parliament Winnie Kiiza alongside Democratic Party chief whip Joseph Ssewungu were holding a news conference to dissociate themselves from the process.
There were many afflictions but You delivered us out of them all and this morning we are praising Your name saying Ebenezer, thus far You've helped us.
Toothless, Most of these so called religious leaders have become irrelevant.
"We as a coalition take the position the national vote tallying process lacks integrity and has to be stopped," said Musyoka, running beside Prime Minister Raila Odinga.
Rugunda thanks Amama Mbabazi for focusing his attention on the well being and efficiency of the civil service.
Local contractors have accused the lands ministry of allegedly handing USMID tenders to foreign contractors alone.
What should we do to live in harmony as we share this small space?
In GOAL: Find the confederations Cup previews,Premiership fixtures and more sports news .
Police in Montenegro on Monday arrested nine men suspected of belonging to a drugs gang behind a surge in violence in the top tourist destination Kotor on the Adriatic Sea.
“You should exhibit good behavior and embrace honesty, which is the key to success," he says.
The New Vision is with Chelimo Emmanuel and Mostine da Agripreneur.
I just don't get This!
** Kolo Toure makes it 5-5.
Wc means they r all lies.
The operation code named 'Indian Ocean' succeeded in driving the terrorists out of their last strongholds in central Somalia.
Hankful, diloyal, having no natural affection.
Kampala City Lord Mayor Erias Lukwago has been kicked out of office.
Tumwesigye wondered why the education institutions, which receive support from the Govt,charge parents a lot of money, yet the Government pays teachers’ salaries on top of equipping them with other scholastic materials.
How are you going to do business globally if you can't even loggin an EFT.
Not now with pressing issues!
That'S advertising stupidity, why don't they refused the motion of increasing their salaries and buying expensive cars?
A 55-year-old man collapsed and died after taking part in an eating competition organised in Kanungu district as part of the Christmas Day entertainment.
To also support FUFA bid for Uganda to host AFCON 2017.
It is the voters.
Am still in shock.
Emmanuel Tumusiime-Mutebile, the Governor of the Bank of Uganda, travelled to South Africa on May 8, 2015.
Reports from Butabika Psychiatric Hospital indicate that many young people are falling victim to drug and substance abuse.
I hope the overhaul their operations otherwise we shall hold them responsible for al the loss of lives and properties that arise from land disputes.
8b that was budgeted for, to cater for shortfalls in the development budget, reflecting an increment of sh114b.
Israeli forces on Monday shot and killed two Palestinians after they ran over troops in the occupied West Bank, injuring a soldier and a border policeman, police and the army said.
What you need to know about LT.
“The contest doesn’t focus on looks, but on a young positive being a role model for other young people with HIV".
General Muhoozi Kainerugaba, the First Son and Commander of the elite Special Forces; in his private capacity, has congratulated the Uganda Hippos over their success at the U20 Africa Cup competitions.
Presidential and parliamentary elections were called off just hours before polling on Saturday, with logistical difficulties blamed for the distribution of materials.
Ashar Cheptoris took note of the overwhelming need for affordable dental services in the country and grabbed the opportunity.
For the Sake of Students who paid their monies.
The New Vision is with Emeju Aron.
Full ANALYSIS 👉🏽 https://t.
President Museveni: We should work for the integration of East Africa.
A 54-year-old resident of Kibaale district has given birth to a baby, 16 years since her last (14th) birth.
Police spokesperson Fred Enanga said during the nomination, the political party or candidates are advised not to indulge in actions which may aggravate existing differences or create mutual hatred between different political groupings.
4 percent of the votes cast against Banda's 20.
SIX minutes to go!
As France prepares to mark the 100th anniversary of the “Great War” next year, the new text highlights the double injustice suffered by many soldiers who were killed by firing squad and went down in history books as “cowards”.
Now which other type of jets would expect to be doing tht?
The pair was also denied bail and remanded until Tuesday next week.
8 XFM is the hottest radio station in Kampala, going by the awards it received at the Buzz Teenz Awards in Industrial Area yesterday.
Let us pray for Dhaira.
The school is littered with dilapidated structures that could collapse anytime.
Are There Govt Scholarships?
Un President Kutesa meets US Secretary of State Kerry.
“We have filed an interim injunction in the High Court,” he said.
Also wasn't M7 President in the 1990s?
Dr. Walter Jones suggested as a legitimate solution: why not pour boiling water on the sufferers?
They are joined by Wasswa Wilson and Kato Livingstone.
Soon after the match ended, he tweeted: "Thank you Geoffrey Massa for that brilliant goal!
He recently proposed and gave me an engagement ring.
The 21-year-old finished on 69 through 14 holes after dense fog hit play for the second consecutive day.
Unity AM URGENTLY LOOKING FOR SERIOUS INDIVIDUALS WHO ARE LOCATED IN NAIROBI AND WILLING TO WORK WITH ME ONLINE PART- TIME AND EARN 5,000-15,000 thousand per week .
Local Council leaders who received bicycles in 2012 will have to hand them over to new leaders if they lose the election.
BLOOD, MAYHEM, TORTURE and all sorts inhuman!
Ec registration for LC polls is on this weekend.
I hear economy bounce back,yet everything is normal?
The New Vision is with Serrah Junic and 3 others.
Leave Kenyans sort out our issues like the swahili say: Pilipili isioila yakuwashia nini bwana?
Police in Wandegeya is holding a Makerere University lecturer for allegedly attacking his wife with acid following a domestic dispute.
Uganda national independence is not an nrm issue, it's for Uganda, so yes not everything is perfect yet, but Just like the posture of our national bird, this country is surely matching towards maturity in all aspects.
The wife of Buyaga MP Barnabas Tinkasimire has died from severe burns after spending five days in an intensive care unit at Mulago Hospital, police says.
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.
Bukedde is with Clem Okonkwo and 3 others.
U r reporting on Assumption.
🔥 A joint team of experts led by Uganda Police Force are investigating a "mysterious double fire" that broke out at the home of National Resistance Movement - NRM national treasurer Rose Namayanja.
Bugs seem to feast on her every other night.
The meeting follows a decision by some donor countries cutting aid to Uganda following a financial scandal rocking the Office of the Prime Minister (OPM).
Get the story in the New Vision 👉E-PAPER: bit.
Us Secretary of State John Kerry (L) speaks with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov (R) before a press conference in Geneva on September 14, 2013 after they met for talks on Syria's chemical weapons.
One in ten Ugandan children is an orphan,” stated the survey dubbed ‘the National Forum on the State of the Ugandan Child’.
Defilement saga: School director impotence results out.
At least nine health workers were among the 155 new cases of COVID-19 announced by the @MinofHealthUG on Thursday.
Yes, that is why survival in those countries IS a miracle, and these babies grow up to be strong and healthy people.
Grab a free copy in the New Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Officials from the Allied Health Professionals Council (AHPC) have ordered a special inquiry into reports that unqualified staff treat patients at Lyantonde Government Hospital.
Vows to bring perpetrators to book.
'Enough is enough': China attacks US at Security Council.
The Libyan Government has directed that the name Gaddafi be dropped.
American based Ugandan rapper, NTO alias Newton Kiyinji who is also commonly known as Angella Katatumba's boyfriend has secured a deal with an international rappers association called "Members elite only" to bring Bobby Brown's nephew, YF Kennedy real names, Jerod Brown to Uganda.
The fun filled festival was concluded by children showing off their best dancing strokes.
Mulindwa and national team coach Bobby Williamson have apologised to Ugandans for the Cranes's failure to qualify for the next stage of the Africa Cup of Nations finals due in South Africa early next year.
Bird LAYS EGG AT THE AGE OF 66!
Yeah thats how Chinese are damping all their fake gds in UG and Africa.
No ransom was paid".
Like the title, Choore (a Dhopadhola word for ‘come closer’), Moro gave her fans an up-close.
Gen Jim Muhwezi has assured American investors of steady security in the country.
Kayaligonza was your normal soldier, think twice.
It also means the company is looking for capital to expand its operations.
Just IN: Uganda's envoy to Kenya Phoebe Otala rushed to hospital after being involved in an accident along Malaba-Bungoma road.
The New Vision is with Ian E Katontori and 5 others.
There's more to this in today's New Vision.
Reports coming in via Geoffrey Kulubya @Kool_bya indicate that Ugandan artist AK 47 has collapsed in a bar in Kampala and is feared dead.
This was revealed Tuesday by state prosecutor Edward Muhumuza at Buganda Road when the suspects appeared in court for mention of their case.
Advises youth to choose health by avoid reckless living and wasting money on booze.
The Minister of Disaster Preparedness, Dr Stephen Malinga has died, aged 69, in Pallisa district.
but when will the kind of salaries UNRA staffs get for doing nothing be checked.
God is also looking at such a sentence on such an offence.
But what happened to witchdoctors 🤔 they usually help find these people quick.
I have learnt a lot from him; scrubbing the toilet, mopping the house and cooking-all courtesy of my dad.
The regional event held at Boma grounds in Moroto brought together development partners and district leaders within the district.
Would you believe that Maurice Kirya is a virgin?
Get a life, already!
A doctor examined the 24-year-old, but he he was not treated in hospital.
Lets pray that pens & peppers will not run out of supply in the city.
This was after the opening session of the East African Legislative Assembly in Kampala.
Beijing claims nearly all of the strategically vital sea and has developed contested reefs into artificial islands.
The New Vision is with Gilbert Junior Buchunju and Daris Edrine Senkuba.
90% Ugandans want to Vote?
Supersonic missile carrying Tupolev Tu-22M3s bombed the range into dust, followed by Sukhoi Su-34 bombers.
New Vision gives you the full story.
Vision Group has started a special journey in the build up to commemorating Uganda’s 55th Independence Anniversary.
Just IN: The Amama Mbabazi campaign team has indefinitely suspended all consultation meetings scheduled for Northern Uganda.
#Newvision: Police have warned members of a pressure group 4GC against inciting violence, under the guise of escorting the Lord Mayor, Erias Lukwago to a tribunal hearing today (Monday).
Which place is safe on this planet Earth?
An unidentified gang attacked Kiti village in Nangabo subcountry, Wakiso district in the wee hours of yesterday and razed to the ground 11 houses, leaving families stranded.
John Semakula, the head of the journalism department at UCU, said the deceased had recently been complaining of back pain and could not sit well.
Dressed casually in a pair of jeans and a shirt, Thomas hid from the media behind a blue folder he was carrying.
Tumwine gave his thoughts on allegations against him.
3 assailants, including one gunman take 4 hostages at a #Russian bank in Belgorod.
A protester attempts to catch a gas canister thrown by police in #Caracas.
This will ensure you do not eat bad foods or skip meals”.
Pregnant mothers will be relieved when public transport resumes on Thursday after almost 3 months of lock down as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.
ucc has said this for over a number of times.
Mr Google should be in formed first.
Unfortunately, there was only one science combination at the time.
Companies the nowadays politicians & government officials had hands in the deals.
A taxi has rammed into a shop in Kyaliwajjala trading centre in Kira, injuring two people who included the shop attendant.
We want NSSF to pay us 10% of our money so we can survive this period.
Read Details on this link;.
Such toxicity should not be found in food since it has serious consequences.
Anyone with a counterfeit phone has until July 1, 2013 to dispose of it, the Uganda Communications Commission (UCC) has revealed.
Nandala axing; what next?
The New Vision is with Werikhe David.
70 percent of people living in Kampala live in slums, according to UNICEF.
Today, the President, delivers the annual State of the Nation speech.
Arrest of some of the unruly MPs was in order.
00pm on Sunday while talking on phone in his car in front of Bwebajja Masjid Taqwa where he had gone for the evening Isha prayer.
Goal scorers: Jordan Ayew, Andre Ayew and Mubarak Wakaso.
When I recovered, I tested and found out that I was negative and this was worth sharing with people," said Bernard Tungwako.
People living in rural areas of Gomba district have a reason to smile after the government through the Rural Electrification Agency launched the Rural Electrification Program in the district aimed at increasing access to electricity in the areas.
The New Vision added 21 new photos.
People should start sleeping with their animals in their houses otherwise we're rearing for thugs.
Same people grabbing land.
Caleb Akandwanaho commonly referred to as Salim Saleh.
Can NEMA implement laws on environmental conservation?
The New Vision is with Milton Malinga and 8 others.
Money is nothing without education.
Target #ISIS: First batch of Russian Su-24 jets arrives in Iraq.
India has suspended several officials and ordered a full investigation after angry mob broke into a prison, grabbed a rape suspect and lynched him on the street in the northeastern state of Nagaland.
Doesn't New Vision report on corruption scandals in the government?
Who do you think will take the trophy?
#Nigeria President Goodluck Jonathan has declared three days of national mourning for Nelson Mandela.
With all tools in place.
Although a lunar connection with jovial Jupiter brings joy, an afternoon Moon-Pluto hookup agitates our passions.
Please please be accurate private ambulances are already there  like st johns ambulances but how is his different the rest in the country.
The minister Thursday morning stormed the centenary park grounds facing demolition amidst scenes of chaos as KCCA law enforcement officers with protection from police, led by Kampala Metropolitan district police commander James Ruhweza, were demolishing structures.
Property fight: Tycoon disowns son.
Ofwono Opondo talking about the striking teachers in a BBC interview.
This has forced the city authorities together with UPDF medical officers to open up another treatment Centre at the facility to handle the big number of patients.
The authority’s team of experts left the country last week to inspect and negotiate the price.
Cast:Steve Carell, Trey Parker, Kristen Wiig, Miranda Cosgrove, Steve Coogan.
Sub Saharan Africa countries need to work on their governance in order to allow proper infrastructural intervention and investments.
Abantu balubatu,ds Ebola thing also?
A number of learners have lost their lives and property worth millions of shillings destroyed in fires that have been gutting schools in Uganda over the years.
Limit movement in and out of the country.
The New Vision is with Kirenzi Kasim and Shadreen Moris.
In Jesus' name Amen!
In the air we dealt very well - they have six basketball players!
Saudi Arabia will gradually resume the year-round umrah pilgrimage for Muslims from October 4, seven months after it was suspended because of the coronavirus pandemic.
“We have set up a commission to look into the allegations by Fr Musaala.
Get a free copy in NEW Vision #EPAPER- https://epaper.
When parents deny their children answers to their incessant questions, children look for answers and provisions from undesirable places.
But general, are you in prison?
In HOMES & CONSTRUCTION: Simple steps to keep your house clean.
Hundreds of Donald Trump's supporters gathered for a large motorcade in support of the US president and police near Portland, where anti-racism activists have clashed continuously with law enforcement for more than 100 days.
Gutti, however, ordered each of the accused to report to the court registrar, John Bizimana every first Thursday of the month.
Ascent Capital, one of the leading private equity fund managers in the region, has raised $100m (sh360b) to help aggressive small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in East Africa.
Anthrax outbreak kills over 20 heads of cattle.
Tell us what is happening on your side.
Do you think large numbers of different African animals meeting at the waterhole were responsible for Aristotle's belief that they interbred there and thus the saying, "From Africa, always something new"?
A woman is about to wash her child with salty water on August 25, 2014 in a suburb of Abidjan, relying on a rumor that spread, claiming that salty water helps fight the Ebola virus.
The decision puts the court at odds with the Kenyan government and the African Union, which have asked for the trials of Ruto and President Uhuru Kenyatta to be moved nearer to home or postponed.
ARE YOU THERE AND READY?
"The problem in Uganda is that we do not have the facilities.
Here is the current table standings.
The suspects, currently detained at the district’s central police station include John Robert Ijoot, Simon Olem and Agnes Asege, all from Akisim Parish, Angodingod sub-county in Katakwi district.
#Popeinuganda: In the Wednesday NEW VISION.
Hope he is coming back to donate blood.
A driver's side power window master switch could short circuit and cause parts to overheat and melt, Toyota said in an email.
Two Indian girls aged two-and-a-half and five years old were raped in separate incidents in New Delhi overnight, with at least one confirmed as a gang rape, police said Saturday.
I can only imagine the numerous campusers who hope the university could still be open for a couple of weeks.
"Drinking hours should also be regulated from 2pm to 10pm".
#Tnrupdate: Mulago hospital breaks world record - 100 babies are delivered in this ward per day.
Politics is exciting and quite rewarding, says Desmond Elliot, Surulere MP.
The pacu fish, known to bite off male swimmers' testicles, has also been found in Sweden.
Uganda'S Kiprotich leads 42km marathon with 2.
A man who had been in a coma for more than a year was recently woken up by a 100-yuan ($16) banknote.
The New Vision is with Bilikis Lawal and 5 others.
Opening without scientic explaination, i predict an other lockdown soon.
A Uganda Christian University 24-year old Ruth Ajambo, set herself Ablaze.
you will give them drugs to surpress their height.
What can I do to save my marriage?
The respondents in this case needed additional time to respond.
South Sudan Interior Minister Aleu Ayieny Aleu said Monday that anyone who violates the curfew in the capital is a criminal and security officers are under orders to shoot them dead.
Bukenya shd know that its easier to become a proffessor than becoming a president.
A group of over 800 bus drivers, stewards and inspectors working for the bus company refused to go to work on Monday until their money was paid.
The Ministry of Health has secured 10 ambulances to transport patients during the Pope’s visit, the Permanent Secretary, Dr. Asuman Lukwago has said.
It involves ensuring that goods are kept according to their shelf life, category in case of dry or wet goods, it's necessary to ensure inventory levels are checked to allow continuity of supply chain, it allows the business to establish fast moving goods from slow moving ones, in the different times of the business period, it helps bridge the logistics, production, and supply chain.
The vaccine does not contain any virus and cannot cause Ebola.
Religious leaders were brought to prepare them for their final journey.
Tuchel ready for all-out war at white hart lane.
Elly Tumwine has said the security forces have "a good strategy" for securing the 2021 elections and are even going to keep changing tactics, depending on the situation.
You too can join us at Lugogo Exhibition grounds.
Food, home, basic needs and sex wat more can ey ask 4 .
His body will be taken to parliament tomorrow for the MPs and the public to pay their respects.
A campaign is on to help Henry Ssuubi Kiyimba, a boy who was ridiculed for carrying a metallic suitcase to university.
Whats the work of LDUs other than robbing people?
Fdc president Col Dr. Kizza Besigye has slammed government over several evictions in Kampala that have failed to be replaced by the anticipated projects.
Members of Parliament on the committee of Gender will start this Monday embark on a week-long visit to North Eastern Uganda to assess cases of Female Genital Mutilation amidst the COVID-19 pandemic.
Along the road to the airport, hundreds of people brandished flowers, white balloons and Colombian flags to pay a final farewell to the victims of Monday's tragedy.
Bravo 2 Him,not easy 2 employ all that NO.
The New Vision is with Moses Nathan Muhangi and Ronald Muhinda.
There were many things against her: she had not had a show for almost six years.
Djalma Campos scores for Angola in the 8th minute.
The New Vision is with Abudallah MK and 2 others.
Upt OFFICIALS WHO ENRICH THEMSELVES WHILE IN POWER CONTRARY TO WHAT THEY PROMISE DURING CAMPAIGN PERIOD FOR THE ELECTION.
"Most trafficking victims suffer shock and denial," she adds.
Is this what youy call news?
What am seeing in this Uganda we the poor are not  supposed to own any thing .
Amama Mbabazi Congratulations Zambia on your victory to the Africa Cup finals.
“We are not stopping you from drinking but drink responsibly.
What will the Monitor lizard say?
Either Prince Wassajja or Vision Group CEO Kabushenga will be bald after the Kabaka run.
그 모두가 평화를 원한다 할 것이다.
Why do most taxi drivers create their own lanes when there is jam?
Business people dealing in flowers have said inadequate power supply and the high cost of flights are threatening the business.
those are just peoples proxies for stealing tax payers money.
it shouldnt be a big deal.
Two women from war-torn countries chastised the United Nations on Tuesday for failing to back up its commitment to involve more women in peace efforts with action.
Today, he is a leading exporter who runs a sh8b business and growing.
President Yoweri Museveni has met and held discussions with Kyabazinga of Busoga, William Wilberforce Gabula Nadiope IV.
Just for once why cant u delegate.
~ Tanzanian proverb concludes.
Speaker, Rececca Kadaga, said Mutende will be remembered for being diligent in both the plenary and committees.
M7 enjoys the kind where there is no policy and he will deploy his powers armtwisting affected institutions.
The New Vision is with Akon Ndoye and 12 others.
The New Vision is with Amanya Mugisha ßruce.
If thats the case why then make advertisement?
The Speaker of Parliament Rebecca Kadaga has blamed Busoga’s production and commercial officers for failing to help local farmers form SACCOS to boost production in the area.
Uganda'S #football giants could be ill-prepared for continental engagements.
Dear Lord, thank you so much for another day of life on Earth.
Vaccination wouldn't be an issue with right information to the population.
Farouk Mujumba, 29, the proprietor of Njumba Group of Companies has skilled and employs over 80 youth from the ghettos of Kampala in several of his small and medium businesses.
A composition that a pupil wrote at school helped detectives identify a key witness who may provide crucial information on the Saturday’s Westgate Mall attack.
“The plans we are coming up with require that we build going up in the sky because the population is going up and services must be provided.
Rebecca Alitwala Kadaga, the Minister for East African Community Affairs, has appealed to companies in the region to continually improve their brand’s quality to compete favourably in the region and beyond.
05bn for copyright infringement.
Are you joining the University this year?
As a result, Parliament has given Prime Minister Dr. Ruhakana Rugunda up to Tuesday next week to explain the matter and the people responsible for the delay.
I wonder y we vote 4 thoz mpz.
Police are locked in running battles with Kyambogo University students following riots that broke out after the guild speaker Allan Akena was abducted for spearheading impeachment of the President, Buni Christopher.
See man when u r past 18 u are responsible for ur choices.
More entertainment from Bunyoro on the sidelines of the third Bunyoro conference taking place in Kibaale district.
Bigups coca-cola,thx alot 4 considering lira city.
That is a good gesture frm UWA but l hope it has a time limit.
Share This to Show Support.
The Ugandan cardiovascular surgeon, academic and administrator is honoured for his 30-year career and dedication to addressing the global health workforce crisis.
U fail to take apolot Patricia who is unbeaten then you opt for nazasira, wait for the beatings of your life time .
The New Vision is with Okello Grace and 2 others.
1kg will battle motor-mouthed Golola in a 10-round fight.
Christmas service at Christ the King Church, in Kampala today.
All praise to Winnie for carrying the torch when none else would or did !
Kenya Chief of Defence forces General Julius Karangi on sight in combat gear with several commandos.
But even with such am assumption, there are places where you can get a delicious meal for as low as 1,500 shillings (about $0.
The NTC is set to make an official statement on reports that Muammar Gaddafi has been captured by revolutionary forces in Sirte, Libya.
“Many of the children don’t do so well in class but they excel at sport.
Yet, today, Odido is one the top female entrepreneurs in this country.
Houses and property were destroyed.
We must demand for justice for this young lady on this tragic case which represents a worrying trend,” Odida said.
The Ugandan maid who tortured an 18-month-old baby in Kampala has pleaded guilty to charges of torture and has asked for forgiveness.
Police statistics show that bodaboda accidents claim 500 people in Uganda every year while another 1200 get seriously injured.
Sex plays a huge part in marriage.
The head of the National Resistance Army (NRA) Archive has urged the youth to be focused and avoid being used by selfish individuals.
Taking a hot bath will not prevent you from catching COVID-19.
Canon Emmanuel Kakooza from Bulamu Central Buganda diocese has led a group of over 30 people to participate in the #HarvestMoneyExpo happening at Namboole stadium.
And refugees will just continue into Uganda from Rwanda.
By contrast, belittling comments or comparing a child unfavorably with another will make kids feel worthless.
Read about how he turned his fortune around in Pakasa tomorrow.
Half of the Uganda women in the reproductive age bracket think that using contraception may cause infertility while 41% believe the Intra-uterine contraceptive devices (IUCDs) cause cancer.
The parliamentary Committee on Rules, Privileges and Discipline has granted MP Francis Zaake two days to familiarise himself with the submission made by witnesses who appeared before the committee, to testify against him.
Kampala hospitals run out of drugs-Read story in today's paper https://vpg.
"I direct UNEB to forward names of schools that have been persistently been sighted in malpractices, for action," Alupo said at the release of 2013 UCE results in Kampala on Tuesday.
This interrupts services and hence shortage of staff and unplanned costs' - Dr. John Omagino, Executive.
Samuel Murangi has launched a fundraising drive to construct a house for the late Rev.
All the country needs is that junta out of power.
The nurse raised an alarm that attracted other staff members and patients.
This trend is hurting the country’s position as an investment destination,” he said.
This pro sodomite jesuite misleading many innocents.
Does MUNTU’S PARTY POSE A THREAT TO FDC?
| Petroleum Authority of Uganda.
Political interference has led to the messy situation and poor physical planning in urban centres in the country, Savino Katsigaire, the director of Physical Planning and Urban Development, has said.
He also guided them on wealth creation by urging them to engage in coffee production, more especially back home.
So it's your job to set a great standard.
Discovered in the brains of Alzheimer's sufferers, researchers said Thursday, relaunching the question: might the disease be caused by an infectious microbe?
#mbu Fdc's defiance flops.
For the #EPAPER click -http://bit.
The plea taking was however deferred to 15 February, after the prison authority failed to produce him in court.
2 billion to set up five regional appellant courts.
The New Vision is with Abwoyo Apwoyo and 2 others.
Auditor General now turns gun to Bank of Uganda.
In the recent police reshuffle, Kirumira had been posted to the Kabalye police training school in Masindi as an instructor following the completion of a refresher course at the Uganda junior command and Staff College in Gaddafi barracks, Jinja.
Updf confirms top #LRA rebel in US custody newvision.
Share it with the world using the #CitizenJournalism feature in the #NewVisionDigitalExperience.
An assistant commissioner in Ministry of Defence, John Bosco Kariisa, has been dragged to court for allegedly snatching the wife of a policy analyst.
My husband is lazy and extravagant.
The New Vision is with Kalule Steven and Kenneth Oule.
Professional golf proves very co$tly for the #Ugandan🇺🇬 golfer.
This is because I wanted the people on the frontline to be vaccinated.
Head of the family has to be there.
Freddie Roach said Thursday he has devised an elaborate strategy that will deliver a decisive victory for Filipino icon Manny Pacquiao in his 'Fight of the Century' against Floyd Mayweather.
Former Malian president Ibrahim Boubacar Keita, has been hospitalised after suffering a brief stroke-like attack.
The Speaker Rebecca Kadaga today afternoon prematurely suspended business for a second time this week due to a power outage at Parliament.
It was a menace to Uganda the region as a whole.
The Electoral Commission bosses have been engaged in a high level meeting with the Ministry of Works, Uganda National Roads Authority (UNRA) and Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) over possible eviction from its headquarters in Kampala.
15 that everyone who believes may have eternal life in him.
The New Vision is with Opakrwoth Alpha and 17 others.
The old adage – probably as old as family prayer time – is that a family that prays together stays together, right?
they were treated to a number of fun activities like bouncing castles,train ,swings,a zoo where some of them got to see some wild animals,horse ride,face painting,bicycle riding,swimming,presentations from their fellow children and many more.
To vote for your favorite, text VOTE CANDIDATE-NAME to 8338 (vote up to 10 times daily) or simply visit www.
Dear God, grant that in all our ways and doings today, we may remember that You see us, and may always have grace to know and perceive what things You would have us do, and give us strength to do the same.
Hotel can be not with church.
Did you know that your National Identification Number (NIN) could be used by criminals to register SIM cards that could be used in criminality?
Tionally In Countries Like Columbia.
In an enclosed e-mail, Stephen O'Brien, the Under-Secretary General for Humanitarian and Emergency Relief Coordinator, invited Angella Katatumba to the “invite-only”| forum which is slated for May 23 and 24, 2016 in Istanbul, Turkey.
Training starts 9:00am with Coffee, Poultry and Tree planting.
The King of Buganda, Ronald Muwenda Mutebi II, has reshuffled his Cabinet, appointing a new minister of finance and a new Second Deputy Katikkiro.
What did she do while still minister?
ug & stay up to date and informed wherever you are in the world.
Amama to Besigye: Too much teargas, is this what you have been going through?
Announcing he will not be attending Thursday’s Republican debate in Detroit, Michigan, Carson said his political activism will continue, but that he would be suspending his presidential campaign.
The question is when and how.
The ruling National Resistance Movement (NRM) party members have been urged to work in unity to avoid divisionism.
In today's paper, find out why the army court has jailed a bodaboda cyclist for 40 years.
As a teacher, I am supposed to communicate well.
The Scotsman, a record four time CECAFA winner, failed on his key assignment of taking the Cranes to the final tournament of the Africa Cup of Nations.
The Uganda Development Corporation (UDC) has said it is embarking on an ambitious investment project that will create about 50,000 jobs to mitigate unemployment in the country.
Strawberries require well-drained, sandy-loam to loamy soils with PH levels between 5.
Did we make a mistake?
Get the app: bit.
If near d plain n ts travellers b 4gotten.
Lambert Mende told the BBC the battle began when a unit of Rwanda soldiers crossed over the border and attacked in early on Wednesday.
Bagge has plenty of fun with the most colorful milestones of Hurston's life, from her psychic visions to her folklore trips to her up-close study of voodoo culture.
The former Vipers FC striker was also instrumental in Cranes' squad during the CHAN Finals in South Africa early this year where he scored three goals.
Grab your copy here #EPAPER-https://vpg.
Ug is becoming an Islamic State?
En we double pay for it.
In the Friday Vision this week.
Souls of the fallen innocent ones are deeply crying.
The brilliant flash of an exploding star's shockwave -- or "shock breakout" -- has been captured for the first time in visible light by the Kepler space telescope.
Nor should parenting be uniformly meted out’ - Dr. John Senyonyi & Dr. Ruth Senyonyi.
Lets accept that were a land locked country !
More than 111,000 people have already received the protective jab, through a so-called ring vaccination approach aimed at immunising every person who has been in.
The made the decision at their Annual General Meeting held at Uganda Manufacturers Association Lugogo on Wednesday.
Today, Gakuwoile is one of the richest businessmen in Iganga district.
As the world marks World Food Day Friday, the Food and Agricultural Organisation (FAO) of the UN has urged countries to offer social protection in order to help reduce poverty and food insecurity.
Here is the moment #Liverpool's Ozan Kabak failed to stop Richarlison, allowing the Brazilian striker to draw first blood at Anfield in as early as the third minute.
Karamoja leaders ask Gen.
Tweak with you guys.
Details in New Vision #EPAPER- https://epaper.
How did we reach to this extent, examinations being released at state house?
As I set out to accomplish my today tasks, help me not to lean on my own understanding but in everything acknowledge you so that you can direct my words, thoughts, and actions.
For these and much more, get yourself a copy of the New Visionfor details #EPAPER- https://epaper.
Presiding over the baptism of 17 children at Kaler Catholic Church in Gweri sub-county, Soroti district on Sunday, Eciru said it was the last time he was baptising children whose parents were not wedded.
He scored own goal.
“As business people, we would like to see the country continue gain more economic growth and stability, and we are convinced that this can be done under the NRM leadership” he added.
In our latest Pakasa issue, read how grit, hardwork and focus turned a once dejected young man into a business man of reckon.
4 sure this team annoyed me enough this season.
We dance with other people and just stare at each other from a distance.
Ever wonder about Vision Group's news process?
during westgate saga they killed children women ad men but this 1 they killed only men thats a repeat of all the tribal clashes kenya have experienced in the past.
The Kampala Sun is your all-access VIP backstage ticket to the secrets of the rich and famous, the crazy and the notorious, wild celebrities.
The FULL report of the KCCA Tribunal that investigated KCCA Lord Mayor Lukwago .
Patrick Kanamugira, the municipal senior planner who got a chance to be driven around commended the innovation but rooted for more funding to such projects.
Is this the end ov this or the start ov it?
The first known published crossword puzzle was created by Arthur Wynne, a journalist from Liverpool on December 21, 1913.
Karadzic was indicted for two counts of genocide, five counts of crimes against humanity and four counts of violations of the laws of war in his capacity as President of Republika Srpska from 1992 to 1996.
- President #Museveni to FDC area Woman MP.
Leaders want land reforms passed in northern Uganda-https://vpg.
The medicine is for those who will fall sick.
in any means possible.
ranked even below Israel.
#Epaper: Get the Saturday Vision direct on your Smartphone via-https://vpg.
Like every murder case,dont expect anything much from the investigation.
The findings in the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) Oncology suggest that aspirin use should complement -- not replace -- already established preventive screening measures such as colonoscopies.
Women MURDERS: MUSEVENI VISIT'S DANGER SPOTS.
The leadership of The Democratic Alliance (TDA) has summoned its summit for a meeting to deal with the uncoordinated events that have unfolded since last week when they failed to reach consensus on a joint presidential candidate.
Bobi WINE,32 OTHERS GET BAIL .
Win win at URA?
First of all the United states has no jurisdiction in uganda;and second to that, us does not sanction free speech.
Alex pls it's not in Kigali !
Killing toothless children who cant even bite.
The pupils sang a welcome song for the guests they were hardly audible; they looked malnourished, starved, and most of them were barefooted with jiggers visibly sticking out of their toes.
Caption this gentle man's picture.
U will hv more room as ED.
According to Awita Lodovick, Commandant of the Aviation Police, four suspects have been arrested in connection with crime.
Add salt and pepper accordingly to your taste.
What do the DNA results show?
The New Vision is with Tolit Ahmed.
Bargain hunters rushed to snap up ­thousands of items on Amazon for just 1p when they were wrongly priced due to a software glitch.
6 factories to creat 50k jobs, what the heck are they making to employ such huge numbers.
Landlocked Ethiopia is keen to reduce its reliance on the port in Djibouti, which is one of the most expensive in the world.
With a four to one majority,the court ruled that the petitioners did not bring any scientific evidence to prove the connection between bride price and domestic violence.
Caritas Uganda has contributed sh1m for the papal walk scheduled for October 31.
The photo released by Police of a top Al Shabaab terrorist who reportedly sneaked into the country with suspicious luggage from Kenya through the Malaba border.
Man we are in Uganda.
Kasirye Ggwanga speaks out about Kayihura sacking.
He lost forearms and legs in a fire.
The New Vision added 27 new photos — in Jinja, Uganda.
Over 15,000 pupils have been sent home after more than 100 schools were closed in Rakai.
I became a lawyer by accident,says Judge Sebutinde.
The human mouth contains around 500 to 1,000 different types of Bacteria with various functions.
Concussions: You should not ignore any knock on the head.
I have a question if I have been working with private companies and saving money with NSSF and I get a govt job can I be able to get my money?
With a focus on compassion, the leader of the Catholic Church has become a new voice of conscience.
Today, Uganda joins the rest of the World in celebrating World AIDS Day.
A sign Post in in a Kawempe slum for the single and searching.
Juventus get a freekick, and who is to take it?
But why have they failed to appear in court?
Now that is the problem.
The firing range saw Iskander missile complexes testing strike precision.
Pyongyang says it would be of great benefit in guerilla warfare against a possible US or South Korean invasion.
If they can’t prove, without a shadow of a doubt, that they are lost in their love for each other, the consequences will be horrifying.
And am waiting for 365 comments on here.
The announcement came after the United States said it would donate 500 million jabs to 92 poor and lower-middle-income nations.
Janusz Walus, the man who was convicted for the shooting and killing of anti-apartheid struggle hero Chris Hani in 1993, has won an appeal to be released on parole.
With Moses Magogo now eyeing the highly demanding legislative arm of government, a debate has begun on who is likely to fill the vacuum at the equally busy Mengo docket.
The presidential Age limit bill was passed into law in December 2017.
From the garden to the plate.
Harvest Money Get a copy od todays New Vision for details.
Kasirye's gun goes silent.
Now this is it!
Activists G. Tumushabe and Urban TV crew join the Electoral Commission boss; Eng.
The New Vision is with Gstreet Wise Studyo and 16 others.
Uganda Business and Technical Examinations Board (UBTEB) has registered 61,253 candidates to do 2018 exams compared to 46659 in 2017, registering an increase of 31.
We have the details in New Vision #EPAPER- https://vpg.
Google welcomed the decision allowing its vast digitization program to move forward, but plaintiffs led by the Authors Guild vowed to take the case to the US Supreme Court.
The officer in charge of criminal investigations, Abdul Nasser Mulimira identified the deceased as Twairi Mensiramu, a primary six pupil at Isenda Primary School in Kigandalo Sub County.
Four lecturers implicated in Makerere marks scandal.
Find story in the New Vision-https://vpg.
3:What of the taxes the public paid during the period UTL was consumer 'friendly'?
Irene Gleeson, 68, an Australian national who left her country in 1992 and came to Uganda to give a future to thousands of Ugandan children, has succumbed to cancer.
She has since had a child with another man but unfortunately, the guy left her.
What should be done?
The New Vision is with Peter Rotich.
Personally i detest them.
Protest-Hit Burundi on Wednesday took the controversial question of President Pierre Nkurunziza's third term bid to the constitutional court but opposition supporters dismissed the move and said demonstrations would go on.
#Offtheweb: Describe this guy.
The horse looks male.
Don'T fight stress by eating.
Barua on January 27, 2011 at Namuwongo B Zone, Makindye division being a mother of Innocent Edward Mani transported him from Isingiro district to Ibrahim Nyombi’s Shrine for purpose of human sacrifice.
Fire gutted six timber stores in Ndeeba, a Kampala suburb, this morning destroying millions worth of property.
56 trillion) the previous year, according to a World Bank report:.
Those who don't, are right too.
He sure will win that one too!
The man reportedly mistook the area for the Turkish border.
She was told to go as far as to almighty God.
Tell people to move with condoms in their bags.
#Urbanupdates: 12 new cases of COVID19.
Over one million Ugandans lack decent houses — minister, details in the New Vision.
It'S only in Uganda where someone can do anything, and not even a finger is raised!
Is Kampala’s wastewater a menace or gift?
The New Vision is with Ameya Kadolkar.
Together we will withstand all" he said in his concluding remarks.
It was later a problem that gave birth to the likes of Idi Amin, Lakwena and others into the ugandas political mess.
Serve make a contribution and go.
Kayihura INTERROGATED,DETAINED IN MAKINDYE.
The New Vision is with Kirungi Ally Moses.
The Royal family and security operatives at the Palace of the Kyabazinga of Busoga in Budhumbula, Kamuli district, are investigating an incident where an unknown person sneaked into the goats' pen and "served" the Kyabazinga's "miracle" goat with a salted polyethylene paper, causing its death.
You count votes leave this for its owners.
This was at the morning Editorial meeting at New Vision on March 26, 2015.
As prison populations surge in countries like the UK, Uganda and more, with overcrowded cells and repeat offenders, the opposite is happening in the Netherlands.
She approaches a white Toyota Raum driven by a white man, and asks the baby to stretch his hands to the car window.
Francis Kamulegeya, the director of tax services at Price-water House Coopers, said tax collections from the Uganda Revenue Authority (URA) are dropping much as the economy seems to be growing.
The Supreme Court has ruled that the Constitutional Court made a mistake last week when it ruled that the legislators should be locked out of Parliament pending the hearing of a court case against them.
This is great where can we get more information on this programme?
We are offering a one-month trial to DIGITAL JOURNALISTS.
May God bless them more.
Bishop William Ssebaggala, who presided over the funeral service of Prof.
I bet my two Pills that at 117, she ain't the oldest person.
Details to be out in Sarturday's Vision and www.
- We have six pages on what you did not know about this great politician who has been minister for a record 11 times.
Which organisation still does that.
Johnson Byabashaija, the Commissioner General of Prisons, made the appeal to the MPs on the committee on defence and internal affairs.
This was after a council meeting where they almost exchanged blows with LC 5 Councillors at City Hall on Monday.
Today is the deadline for submitting stories.
A stern warning has been issued to invited guests for Prince David Wasajja’s wedding to dress appropriately.
Its almost a fulltime job.
Mugabe called on Vice President Joice Mujuru - regarded as one of the top contenders to succeed the president - to resign.
2001: Miss Uganda Victoria Nabunya's suspension was lifted after she apologised to the organizers of the pageant.
Labour export firms cited in fraud.
The rest its up to your minds.
Magie, is this our school.
I wish obama could read pples reactions.
Here in Uganda some thugs wants to extend term limits.
🔴 LIVE | President Yoweri Museveni is delivering his fourth address on #coronavirus after #Uganda🇺🇬 confirmed eight new cases, bringing the tally to nine.
Anti-Riot Police have swung in action and fired teargas to disperse drivers from two factions who were armed with pangas and sticks fighting over Mbarara Taxi Park management.
Government should revive Uganda Airlines as one of the deliberate efforts to enhance the level of marketing the country internationally, Members of Parliament have recommended.
25 a day) between 2006 and 2010 as a result of the diversified economic activities, a new report indicates.
The Government and Mengo have paid a joint tribute to the late Mayanja Nkangi.
The Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) voted for Patrick Oboi Amuriat as their new party president.
Nigerians should be stopped entering Ug fwaaaa.
He later added the hashtag, "#DIDDYORDADDY"?
Sometimes the way talents like Sitenda Kisakye’s elude the latter stages of Tusker Project Fame confounds you.
Rugunda presents to UN Ugandan statement protesting a report that accuse Uganda of supportinig Congolese M23 rebels.
Kizza Besigye to hold talks in order to move the country forward according to a poll.
Rubbish burry money in a grave a d the dead one use it for what.
This is so sad, they should stop having live wiring.
You are biased yourself why did you predict the court outcome.
But many they do not understand that this is AFRICAS TIME!
Instead, try asking things like, “What made you smile today?
New York Fashion Week opens Thursday with its usual frenzy of models, catwalks and bloggers.
Had enough time to repent of his pro sodomy activism hell is no respector of bishops.
Saying things like “I’m sorry you feel that way” or “I’m sorry you see it that way” are a waste of time and breath.
Just in: #SouthAfrican President Jacob Zuma has been admitted to hospital for tests, Presidency says.
Useless is that what he had to say from all that ballad thing .
The most effective way to protect yourself against the new coronavirus is by frequently cleaning your hands with alcohol-based hand rub or washing them with soap and water.
In Kagadi district, court has remanded a woman for allegedly poisoning her six-year-old baby over failure by her husband to buy Christmas clothes.
No, I didn’t, since she went ahead to insult me on Facebook.
Jane Nansubuga is a fine art teacher at Mengo S. S in Wakiso district.
Museveni announced that he had frozen activities of the State House Land Unit and that the Lands Ministry under the newly established Land Committee have full government mandate to ensure that the land law is not violated.
That one is on the verge of losing his job I swear.
Scientists using technology developed to search for oil have discovered a vast underground water reservoir in one of Kenya's driest regions that if properly managed could supply the country's needs for close to 70 years.
Will the government increase number of months?
A runaway zebra led police on a dramatic chase across a golf course in Japan, until its bid for freedom ended in death when it collapsed in a water trap.
Lukwago suspended meetings after Musisi failed to present the first quarter performance and expenditure report for all the authority’s directorates.
The drivers argued that the move was premature, saying that the court ruling had just been reversed and they did not have the money ready to make payments.
The embattled Buyaga West legislator, Banarbas Tinkasiimire, has denied allegations of being involved in the mysterious disappearance of his estranged wife Lynn Mbabazi.
The story has, however, attracted widespread discussion on New Vision Facebook page, with some condemning the act of caning the man, while others supported the act.
Cosby, accused of sexual assault by some 30 women over decades but who has so far escaped justice, made the admission in a deposition in 2005, talking about an incident from 1976.
Qatar Airways and Uganda Airlines are set to work on a joint cooperation, which will pave way for the transformation of Entebbe International Airport into one of the busiest airports in Africa.
When should a child leave their parents’ bedroom?
Medics have expressed concern over the rising cases of people suffering from COVID-19 reaching hospitals when the disease has reached severe stage.
Over 50 business people from Uganda will travel to Illinois Chicago in USA to participate in international Home and House wares show 2014, on a trip organized by Barclays bank.
Ugandans we are still badlyoff and we will remain so if.
Why did he open his mouth before thinking?
Those who vaccinate it's their right.
Except that you came a few years early, are bigger in body, and you know a few survival tricks, in what way are you a better life than him?
Kennedy Mota is here to give you details on how to be a lucky winner at the #BGExpo2018, at the Carnival tent.
The world's largest radio telescope began operating in southwestern China Sunday, a project Beijing says will help humanity search for alien life.
The New Vision added 66 new photos.
There is panic after two bullets wrapped in a warning letter were sent to the Chief Magistrate of Rukungiri.
What miracle are the LDUs going to perform if other security organs have ' failed'?
Ghana are looking dangerous when they get down the flanks.
dont subtract or supplement let the ghettopresido, mp and a changer add us more flesh.
They sound good and have their own, unique sound.
"The state of the climate so far this year gives us much cause for alarm".
Police in Bukedea district is hunting for two people suspected to have trailed the area's Woman representative in Parliament.
Tororo BISHOP EVICTED FOR FAILURE TO PAY RENT.
NEC meeting is today Sunday, NC meeting on Monday.
Singer Juliana Kanyomozi lost her only child Keron Kabugo on Sunday July 20, 2014 at Agha Khan Hospital in Nairobi after being admitted in the hospital after strong asthma attack while in school.
I'd be grateful for your response in this regard.
Why lament for some1 else if u know ur not guilty too?
The bus company currently offers services in #Juba.
The MPs also want the 1.
U wanna bet le me knw.
Seriously what is interesting in this statement?
We asked some of our users what their biggest obstacle was while looking for a job.
"The two most powerful warriors are patience and time".
The girl child has reportedly been bed ridden for two weeks, Kiprotich's Ugandan manager Nuwagaba confirmed.
But last week I found her in a room with that man enjoying themselves.
The visitors are a man short.
I leave my young friends and I have to associate with these old people in parliament to get advise.
"Am sorry to say but the 'Kajansi lake' on Entebbe expressway has to go.
Its very true and "attittude"in aphabeticl order is 100%when u give nunbers to those letters.
Get details of the affected districts in Saturday Vision.
They all stem from a single case in the Lanaudiere region northeast of Montreal in early February directly linked to an outbreak clustered around the Disneyland amusement park in California.
The New Vision is with Muwonya King Derrick and 5 others.
#Forinspiration: Nothing is ever wrong.
He is now at St. Lawrence, in Maya, Wakiso District, to officiate at the 2nd National Primary School Teachers’ Conference.
But it made them realize they had to stick to their survival training, tying themselves together with special cords to avoid being separated.
Think about who your mate really is and what excites him or her (both physically and emotionally).
Bishops are often invited to attend international seminars and conferences but "You must stay, stay!
I have realised that,Africans are amused by less interesting achievements.
Toto: As we celebrate heroes day, which people inspire Ugandan children?
The New Vision is with Lugoloobi M Henry.
Game kicks off in about 30 minutes.
SOME ONE 2 ANSWER MI PLIZZ?
In 1990, it was 56 percent.
112-Truck German aid convoy enters #Ukraine en route to #Donetsk.
What if a badluck politician was in there?
I have heard several stories of my father, who is educated and exposed, talking ill of my wife with my siblings and the extended family.
Tororo County MP Geoffrey Ekanya has accused his political opponents in the race for the Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) presidency race of bribing delegates to lure their votes.
Uefa on Wednesday announced that disciplinary proceedings had begun against both Manchester United and Paris Saint-Germain after numerous incidents involving their supporters during Tuesday's Champions League clash at Old Trafford.
His wife Teddy Naluswa claims the pastor has refused to fulfill his duties as a father by neglecting to pay school fees for their children.
In a detailed list of the new Cabinet 2015, President Museveni said: "I have appointed and re-appointed the Vice President, Prime Minister, Cabinet Ministers and Ministers.
We have got you covered in our weekly sports pullout - GOOAL!
Uganda Parliament netball team head coach Fred Mugerwa is confident that his team will retain the East African Community Inter-Parliamentary games netball trophy this year.
One of the most significant consequences.
In the New Vision today, grab your copy now.
Why parties are fighting for Bobi Wine.
“Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall”.
The New Vision is with Araari Komiks and 2 others.
Three heats in the steeplechase.
Premier League leaders Manchester City maintained their perfect start under Pep Guardiola as Manchester United returned to winning ways against champions Leicester City.
Believe in your infinite potential.
Share your story of a priceless moment with your dad and stand a chance to enter our father's day cooking competition on 17th June.
Rugby coach Tolbert Onyango has got a task to restore the national rugby sevens team (Rugby Cranes 7s) past glory as he takes charge ahead of the Olympic qualifiers next month.
Get the e-paper here 👉 bit.
How can we handle a 15-year-old bully?
If he seeks Job creation is the way to go why can't he leave that post and he creates the jobs.
According to Kenya’s Standard newspaper, he spoke when he met Congo Brazzaville President Denis Sassou Nguesso and his Gabon counterpart Ali Bongo separately in their respective countries.
They are right, the government has remained silent as Makerere Continues to be ruined by management and governance issues.
Mtn Group has announced the resignation of Ahmad Farroukh, CEO of MTN South Africa, which will take effect on 31 July 2015, according to a South African website, mybroadband.
Inside - Fagil Mandy spills Uneb beans as Museveni set to open East Africa's largest church.
Tororo farmers brave the early morning dew.
Ambition and winning are at the heart of what we want to bring to Liverpool and we believe this change gives us the best opportunity to deliver it.
Government scoffs at US sanctions against CMI boss.
Doctors says one of the indicators of the body's general health and specific bowel diseases is the quality of your faeces.
Be completely humble and gentle; be patient, bearing with one another in love.
#Vision Journalists win global Awards.
The petitioners claim that Keihwa has failed to respond to district human resource queries and has mismanaged the process of recruitment of employees.
Wait for your son then you will also feel it.
There are certain cancers that are associated with AIDS, for example, Kaposi’s sarcoma, Non-Hodgkin lymphoma (cancer of the lymph glands) & cervical cancer.
It will benefit very few in the NRM government.
Africa'S longest serving Leaders as of 2014.
piz lets come 2geza en pray for thoz two tribs 2 come on table en discus instead of fighting.
"Due to the critical shortage of pethidine, injectable morphine, adrenaline and antibiotics, it was decided that we suspend all elective surgeries," privately-owned NewsDay quoted head of anaesthetics Harunavamwe Chifamba as saying in a memo.
The New Vision is with Mustaijah Rrootsroots Mushira.
Police Spokesperson, Emilian Kayiima noted that most of our road accidents are caused by human error.
Check out & like Pakasa Vision for everything u missed in words & pictures.
6% in 2016 compared to 54% in 2010.
Read details and see pictures on the following link;.
Fformer Kampala mayor Hajji Nasser Sebaggala was today thrown out of the Town Clerk’s house, which he had vowed not to surrender to the new city leadership, saying the President gave it it him in appreciation of his good leadership in the city.
Thirteen UGANDANS who led the fight include Dr. Atai Omoruto, Dr. Kaggwa David, MadiraaKefa, Akugizibwe Rosemary, Waiswa Florence, Komuhendo Judith, Kusemererwa Teddy, MukandirwaAsiat, Awilo Sarah, Namutosi Catherine, NakayizaNakato- Annet, Candiga Richard and Tony Walter Onena.
They are due to hold talks with President Pierre Nkurunziza.
Team Uganda could march in at about 1am Uganda time.
Have you got your rosary yet?
The government fiscal operations continue to tighten as major tax heads including direct, indirect and taxes on international trade all performed below-set targets in January.
"I'Ve no arguments with the penalty.
The US says it is sending a major warship into the Gulf to provide it with military options should the situation in Iraq deteriorate further.
10:38Pm Uganda time is indicated as the Men's Marathon Victory Ceremony.
The women's race was won by Kenya's Vivian Cheruiyot, who completed the 10-mile course in 51 minutes and 17 seconds.
The New Vision is with Ďãńdý Phàŕouk Cazorla.
A prominent Kampala businessman and former treason suspect, Mr. Joseph Lusse, was arrested from a pub in Bbunga, a city suburb.
"If one is not there, it is not good to go ahead, because it goes against the rules of unity of East Africa,” the President said while addressing journalists at the Arusha State Lodge.
This was after the health ministry issued a travel ban for Ugandans to and from a number of countries.
Minister Kahinda Otafiire has dismissed development partners’ reports that human rights abuse has increased.
In HEALTH & BEAUTY: WHY YOU NEED TO TAKE YOUR ARVs AS PRESCRIBED.
It is too far to help you.
Do not miss the sweet moments they shared together, and the cheeky things they once did on a plane.
Once she was aminister that side and she failed to develop the area kati mbu agenda kola ki ekipya?
National council of sports NCS is threatening to ban up to 50 sports federations, including Fufa, Fuba, UCA (cricket), and UGU (golf).
One of the very nicest things about life is the way we must regularly stop whatever it is we are doing and devote our attention to eating.
Let'S hear your feedback on Azawi and Lwasa.
Mukube empeta nebyenda bimwettokotte.
Things are getting tough, ehhhh?
Im very happy right now The im 14 lbs lighter after 2 weeks only!
My rival is a scam, hypocrite, Gen.
A woman accused of drawing her blood contaminated with the Virus that causes AIDS and injected it into a two-year-old daughter of her neighbour has appeared before a court in Kitgum.
Are YOU A CHICKEN?
Dr Martin Salia, a surgeon who contracted the Ebola virus while working in Sierra Leone, has died at a hospital in Nebraska from the virus.
Read about COVID-19 vaccination and how much Owino market 'owners' are demanding in compensation.
Find more in New Vision.
Same words have been said every attempted assassination or murder.
Kale temuliina byakukola,,,, is that is news,, :-( .
The plan was launched at the German Ambassador, Klaus Dieter Duexmann’s residence at Kololo on Wednesday with a call to the parties involved to support the initiative.
Allahuma gafirhu waraham ba'adahu!
The best three will be published in Friday's edition of The Kampala Sun.
We don’t know what this day might bring, therefore, we put our trust in you.
•During the conference, Uganda will act as a benchmark for parliamentarians from Commonwealth member countries on legislations, such as the Budget Act.
Don't they have better cadres to lead the party?
He should just say #BACHWEZI are the main intended beneficiaries.
When are you going to create an app for iPhone?
Buy and read the Saturday Vision online here.
Thank you for a new day.
The over 60 pairs of shoes and spikes for Team Uganda that kit sponsors Puma sent and "got lost" in the Athletes Village have been discovered by a hawk-eyed member of SWIM UGANDA an hour ago!
So the balalo now wear army uniforms and carry AK-47s?
Here is your chance to have body checkups and more.
At the time of his death, Mwanga II had been received into the Anglican Church and baptised Daniel.
The effort is to make our children to get skills.
Can you identify this Prisons Officer?
Moses Ssentongo in Makindye on Thursday that Bantariza was a chief signatory to the account that he reportedly opened between 2009 and 2010 when he served as NALI director.
Keep my feet from stumbling and my mind from wandering into distractions that could steal precious time and energy from the most important things You have designed for me.
President Kaguta Museveni has this afternoon left for Kasese district to assess the damage caused by floods which caused havoc recently.
Her relatives in Uganda were waiting at the airport and panicked when Sarah did not emerge.
As to whether the allegations are correct or not, the commission will determine,” said the Archbishop of Kampala, Dr. Cyprian Kizito Lwanga.
and this is my solemn vow".
- Who is the rightful king of the Jopadhola?
Canada 4 2 2 0 0 4 -0.
“The price of greatness is responsibility”.
Contact 0312216000/ 0706571638/ 0788832111/ 0788838111 or visit http://buildnet.
The signs were there but u ignored them then "BBaamm!
“Action is the fundamental key to success”.
The future is now.
All the un touchables.
Will Mumbere attend at the set date?
kizza Besigye was leading with 299 and ur muzeei had 141 let me waite how they are going to interchange to museveni.
Through his lawyers led by city advocates Joseph Luzige and Fred Mbidde, Ssejusa said he could not physically appear before the committee due to security reasons.
"The euthanasia has taken place," Jacqueline Herremans, a member of Belgium's federal euthanasia commission, told AFP.
The suspects; David Ssekiziyivu, a councilor in Kireka Zone C; David Mugalya, an LCI chairman of Kasokoso village; Hajji Musa Sewagudde, Jude Kaboggoza and Umar Muyanja, accused their former lawyer, Asuman Basalirwa, of failing to consult them before informing court presided over by the Nakawa Chief Magistrate Flavia Nassuna that they had chosen to keep quiet and were not summoning any witness to that effect.
The move came just a day after Morocco -- angry after UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon used the term "occupation" to describe the territory's status -- expelled most of the non-Moroccan civilian members of the UN's MINURSO mission.
But times we dont even need to blame those boda boda.
Did you bet in your put that week on this?
He is now a minister in charge of higher education and is one of the best head teachers the country has ever had.
I couldn't care less about celebrities, but i am sure you people in the media do.
She had gone to Japan to perform for the Ugandan community there after a lucrative deal was brokered by Hakim Tumwesigye who resides there.
It will lead you to your passions and to success.
There has been low turn up today in most schools in Lira city and Lira district as semi-candidates returned to resume studies.
The New Vision added 17 new photos.
The Public Accounts Committee heard Tuesday that Prof.
Know and recognize the ACCA qualification.
Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) Chairman Sam Kalega Njuba died at the age of 72 years.
<P>The Red Eagles who had gone nine years without any silverware managed to beat all odds to win the league title and their first CECAFA Kagame Cup in the club's history.
If you’ve always dreamed of looking glamorous at your wedding, you can’t afford to miss the #BrideAndGroomExpo this weekend.
That imam and chairman are a disgrace to religion and humanity .
"Before the marathon few people seemed to care about me.
He peddled paraffin on the streets and employed his cunning just to stay in school.
There is no pressure mounted on President Yoweri Museveni by the donor community to meet former Prime Minister, Amama Mbabazi, Government has clarified.
The Lord doesn’t give you what you want, the Lord gives you what you need.
The World Health Organisation (WHO) has said the typhoid fever which ravaged the central business district in Kampala in February and March affecting over 1,090 cases had been controlled.
Mr.Amutenda Salvatore Rubaga boys p/s.
Are you a supplier or farmer?
Preparations for the celebrations of Uganda Martyrs Day 2019 are in high gear in Namugongo Martyrs Shrine.
Details in the New Vision👉 #EPAPER: bit.
Photos by Norman Katende.
Sparking off the 1994 Rwanda genocide.
President Museveni and the Congolese delegation discussed bilateral relations between their two countries, the Republic of Congo and Uganda.
It'S ''Agricultural Extension Workers'' NOT Agriculture Extention Workers please.
N ,development and human rights as core values in society,one cannot justify the above.
U secretly enter into these showoff relationships and later publicise when leaving!
The New Vision is with Kweeveen Kaziro.
#Nvcovidtales: Albert Odoi, the Tororo District education officer went to hospital for testing after suffering severe headache and difficulty in breathing.
On Wednesday, NEMA raided several supermarkets in Kampala to stop the use of polythene bags commonly known as Kaveera.
It has been dubbed, 24: Live Another Day.
Peter Magambo got his brace after Bright Anukani improved the scoreline 10 minutes into the second half, and now Sanson Andrew Kigozi has made it four.
However, she did not witness money changing hands.
Former foreign affairs minister Col.
Don't poke your nose in our affairs military leader!
I doubt if it has even reached the Ugandan soil yet.
However he has been complaining of a heart ailment,” she said.
Sofia Assefa of Ethiopia wins Weltklasse Zurich women's 3000m steeplechase race in 9:21.
The one who appointed him should pay him salary.
However, since last week, when we started working from home to avoid the spread COVID-19 things have gotten from bad to worse.
Then this word has lost meaning.
in the mighty name of our lord Jesus christ.
Predict the final score before kickoff and Win.
Some people think the office is the place to be all power, all brilliance, all the time.
Today is National Violin Day!
Mabiriizi nkulaba wokute nyweza tota.
The New Vision is with Stanely Ngosia and 11 others.
Find out how Museveni’s worker was killed, only in the New Vision.
Are the Williams on holiday ?
The First Lady & Minister of Education & Sports, Mrs Janet Museveni, has asked the women of Karamoja, & country at large, to vote for NRM in the forthcoming general election & be assured of continued govt dev't programmes in their areas.
Four Chadian soldiers have been killed after a mine planted by Boko Haram Islamists destroyed their vehicle, a security source said on Saturday.
Mps r just a batch of lense seekers n hipocrites who hide behind d curtains n pretend 2 b concerned.
Teaching methods should include a week or days of homeschooling so that parents get familiar with what content children are learning.
we are glad he is finding fame in Africa.
The New Vision is with Akandwanaho Kham and 8 others.
The Coca-Cola Rated Next singing talent search has hit the ground running out here in Lira.
” she said during a consultative meeting.
Skater set for World Roll Ball Cup.
Hahaha kyoka The New Vision, now your posts are about foreign personalities!
#Sports: Chelsea striker Fernando Torres escapes further ban for scratch on Jan Vertonghen.
He is a dictator though.
The Police identified the accused as Agnes Maria Namatovu.
Timbe warns Azam Premier League giants.
We have failed 5-year plans, convince me that if it were 10- year they would be achievable?
en he will b remembered!
Bugingo told Police he only honoured an invitation as a guest by Makula's family.
Send your contacts, photo & skills to; pakasa@newvision.
Who among them is a Ugandan even?
Am sory 4 that .
we have the same problem.
Al-Shabaab has links with #ADF.
some one should advise.
He hasn't been here for ten years even.
Where is the Minister of Trade and Industries?
Four people died and two more were badly injured on Saturday when a military plane crashed and caught fire while trying to land in Kazakhstan's largest city Almaty, the latest accident to hit the country's aviation industry.
Nominate up to 3 of your favourite celebrities, whether they act, sing, participate in sports, model, design clothes, make you laugh or generally entertain you.
Then Museveni pulled it, like a gentleman, and invited Jacqueline to take it.
Germany beats US 1-0 to win group; Portugal's 2-1 win over Ghana puts US in Round of 16.
The Commercial Court has ordered property valued at over sh7b belonging to Meddie Ssentongo the former lover of city socialite Shanita Namuyimbwa aka Bad Black, which was attached on the order of the Anti-Corruption Court be released.
nssfug.org/fwb to vote online and get them closer to the sh30M grand prize.
Future city in the water - #Dubai, United Arab #Emirates.
Umeme plans to increase the power price per unit to recover alleged sh37.
The Handshake examines the future of oil in Uganda.
mukulu is not uganda's problem bt museven is our big problm.
The success of the Christmas season is when all members are catered for regardless of their religious affiliations in order to promote family unity.
As the political contest for the speaker begins to take shape with two major contenders Rebecca Kadaga and Jacob Oulanyah clandestinely courting NRM lawmakers, the party has set May 18 as the date for the NRM parliamentary caucus to select a candidate for the job.
The New Vision is with Wasswa Arafat and 7 others.
Its small because we presented our budget after the government's national budget, but every year government allocates 50 billion to the youth fund.
Oh, when & how will I benefit from you yet l treasure & strongly support you.
In July, the authority had only opened savanna parks but kept, the primate parks such as Kibaale forest national park, Mgahinga and Bwindi closed to the public.
Then you may find children kissing too.
- 25% discount on Prostate, Ovarian and Cervical cancer screening.
Read Kaweesi’s last 24 hours in the Sunday Vision.
We divorced fi ve years ago.
Stop piling all issues on him.
He has never respected me but I deserve plenty of respect for what I have done for kickboxing even if I am not the best kick boxer out there.
Brazilian trained coach Mohammed Kiwanuka has joined the long list of coaches eyeing the Cranes job that went vacant after the sacking of Bobby Williamson.
Queen Elizabeth II and her husband, Prince Charles, the Duke of Edinburgh, first visited Uganda in 1952.
Panic and anxiety have gripped some MPs after it dawned on them that they are likely to lose their seats.
Epl LIVE: 86 MINUTES GONE- Man City 2-0 Arsenal.
Demonstrations in Cairo against one year rule of President Morsi has forced Uganda's High Commissioner Richard Laus Angualia to temporarily close its operations.
The shipping of live wild animals from West Africa, to other parts of the world for luxury use as exotic pets, is posing huge biosecurity and disease risks, an investigation finds.
Thez animals a domesticatd in zimbabwe or the buznesman owns a national park.
Pfizer said Thursday it had begun clinical trials for its Covid vaccine in children under the age of eleven, an early sign of the next stage of the global immunization campaign.
I do not want such a marriage, but it seems like the issue is not up for discussion.
A disastrous own goal!
I pray for safe travels to and from work and I pray that You will use me as You see fit on this 25th day of September for Your glory.
He also called for electoral reforms.
Countdown starts for RIO2016 OLYMPICS .
Ssekaaya finishes 6th in his group round.
Stop wasting our MBs.
Hi, Please like Our page www.
But many parents say, “You must respect me”.
It may be a wet morning🌧️ in #Masaka city, but the weather experts point to a mostly sunny☀️ Wednesday later!
The United Nations Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS) said Tuesday it had re-deployed 75 troops to halt a cycle of communal attacks and revenge killings that have left 79 dead.
That would be hard enough to deal with, but Ari is also bullied for being overweight, and his parents’ marriage is tenuous at best.
They are now a katemba group in parliament ,court,city and their area they represent.
Share your thoughts: Is men's day called for?
ug AND subject of email should be KIPROTICH INTERVIEW.
Any advice would be greatly appreciated, thank you.
Everyone is here: comedians, businessmen, teachers, those in their second and third auditions; the physically impaired, name it.
mtn donot mind about customers' feelings.
Did you know that in June 2017, he became the youngest player to appear for the 🇨🇦Canadian men's national team?
These are the signs of state of our nation, may God have mercy on their souls and grant them paradise.
With the Public Order Bill yet to be discussed in Parliament, should the Police keep demanding absolute prerogative in relation to rights of assembly?
The New Vision is with Andrew Wandeba and 36 others.
In Rubirizi district, the MPs were dismayed to learn that people were fetching water from water points where others bathe from.
Cops didn’t reveal any details as to what led the woman to nearly take her life.
The ruling National Resistance Movement (NRM) party will on Monday vote in the most hotly contested primary election in Uganda's history.
Prince Edward, the Duke of Kent is in the country to represent Queen Elizabeth II for the jubilee celebrations.
Government officials in Monrovia say (link is external) they are still investigating what happened.
Sentamu passed on earlier today at Mulago hospital where he has been battling diabetes.
At first, I called my husband’s behaviour love, but now I realise that he is controlling me.
The New Vision is with Sarah Namulindwa and 2 others.
The law of sacrifice is uniform throughout the world.
The New Vision is with Muhangi Frankline and Stephen Mechoruma Okole.
In Uganda, the majority of Ugandans realise that NRM is a better “devil” than its competitors whose ideas don’t add up.
“We want him suspended so that he doesn’t interfere with the investigation process like he always does, UMA spokesperson George Bush Kagoda (aka Bushington) said.
You are no different from his tormentors.
The Civil Division of the High Court in Nakasero, Kampala, has dismissed the election petition filed by Fred Nyanzi against Kampala Central MP Muhammad Nsereko.
Photo by Ismael Kasooha Ateenyi.
His convoy was intercepted at Njeru town in Mukono district.
He has brought prosperity to his people.
Tonight on Urban tv Uganda and Bukedde TV 2 , Zaabike!
O it as quick as a can before they block it.
Read the intriguing story in New Vision-https://vpg.
The National Social Security Fund (NSSF) has recorded a 23% increase in operating profit as total assets grew from sh3.
The New Vision is with Talm Rider and 4 others.
Find the details in today's New Vision.
According to Bwoch, the finance ministry gave out 40 loans to several state and private enterprises and agencies to hel.
I can innominate one of my former mp Dr.Oku-onzi from my consti.
U guess we needed that space to expand our airport.
His body was dragged behind a vehicle around the town square.
Dialogue is paramount .
Is it keeping law & order or breaking law & order.
Police in Sheema District is holding five teachers found conducting normal lessons in contravention of the Presidential directives on COVID-19.
The celebrations presided over by the Chancellor of Kampala Archdiocese, Fr Dr Joseph Mary Ssebunnya, took place at Kitebi Sub-parish Church (in Rubaga Division).
Until recently, Kampala was mostly on pre-broadband speeds.
"We are going to put off the fire shortly".
She and her mother, Florence Mbekeka, 40, live in a mud-and-wattle shack in Namusere, Wakiso district.
"You become wise when you begin to run out of money".
Ding u to 6f structure down.
Check out Nadia Excel Recruitment Limited for job opportunities or call 0754188412 or 0760348272 for more information.
According to the advocacy group, giving a breakdown of these drugs is essential as it will guide on the future supply of drugs to respective health centres based.
19 seconds, will line up against Britain's European 200m champion Adam Gemili.
Gen Gregory Mugisha Muntu’s leadership in the main opposition party was held at Mandela national stadium in Namboole, Wakiso district.
As families still mourn the death of their relatives shot dead in South Sudan, another Uganda truck driver has gone missing.
Who can grill him over bushy and collapsing houses in the barracks?
#Urbancrossfire: Who is responsible for electoral violence in campaigns?
428 trillion, compared to last year’s estimates of shs 15.
Opinion POLL: Why are many Ugandans reluctant to invest in insurance?
Wats yo nose size?
One Sunday morning early this year, as he organised his mechandise, his daughter arrived wrapped in torn clothes, crying and bruised.
Idi Amin directed Bank of Uganda to give foreign currency to pilgrims going to Mecca, Saudi Arabia.
As if it is a government job they always issue salaries now that they want to eliminate those who take salary without qualifications!
Update: The chairman and acting President of #BurkinaFaso's Transitional government; Sy Cheriff, has issued a decree dissolving RSP- The Presidential Guard Brigade.
Special hire drivers under their umbrella body, Smart Online Drivers Association (S.O.D.A) have been on a sit-down strike for two weeks, over pay and working conditions.
Kiprotich has already run another marathon of celebrations even before he leaves London and LOOKS EXHAUSTED !
what nourishes my soul is that one day the perpetrators of all these will to account for their actions.
The Uganda shilling maintained the 3535/3545 levels per dollar in a quiet trading session on Tuesday.
The Judiciary’s Assistant Public Relations Officer, Araali-Muhiirwa Kagoro, Wednesday told journalists at a monthly briefing in Kampala that the story that was attributed to Justice Anup Singh Choudry by on May 8 had since infuriated the members of the Bench at all levels.
Find out why in the Saturday Vision.
Mystery shrouds Todwong shooting.
No news, she has never been an opposition anyway.
Yet, interestingly, he has never had to work for anyone in Uganda.
Read Saturday Vision #EPAPER- https://epaper.
But all the time to talk about Isis.
There are only 1,000 slots available.
Curtains inside Chicken houses.
Reports have emerged that Kurds have shot down a helicopter over Iraqi Kurdistan, which they say was used in airstrikes against them.
Are you making money over the Internet or people are making money out of you?
He is not popular in America .
I Can See Hes Even Try Hard To Lie But At D End Of Day,he Wil Realised That He Survived!
Time Sudan needs prayers.
Before his Saturday triumph, the Pemba Sports Africa sponsored muscleman had hinted on turning pro after competing consistently internationally and gaining the necessary experience from major tournaments.
It is now mandatory for security firms to produce NSSF clearance certificate before renewal of license.
Naye Allah will pay u back police n Mwami M7 .
Then his men should spare Stella Nyanzi .
I love Janet but I wish she could give binding advice to her husband!
Inspired to set up a school by the students he coached while he himself was still a student at university, Imran Muluga, mobilized four colleagues with whom they studied at university and together, they rented two small rooms in the outskits of Tororo town in 1995.
Specialists have examined MP Beatrice Anywar who was involved in a car accident last Friday and results show she is in a very stable state.
Lets mind our own bussiness.
Bashar Assad's regime, whose hands are not tainted by violence, to hold talks to try to resolve the nation's civil war.
Which Headlines made your year from our publications of New Vision, Bukedde, The Kampala Sun Sunday and Saturday Vision?
In the series of snaps the pair are locked in a romantic clinch, while walking along holding hands, with Taylor burying her head in his shoulder in one particularly close moment.
Recruitment starts October 11.
The disruption started Christmas Day, PlayStation and Xbox said on their Twitter feeds, adding that they were working to restore service.
As old as nrm govt.
The operation is ongoing.
' - Dr. Chris Baryomunsi, Minister for ICT and National Guidance.
The Rukungiri municipality Member of Parliament, Rolland Mugume Kaginda has lashed out at religious leaders for not supporting condom use saying it was one of the major reasons HIV/AIDS infection was on the increase.
Unra cancels sh207b contract for construction of Mayuge- Busia road.
I wanna u to challenge the whole world & Ugandans at large especially those that bias u. Perform ur duties as a prime minister nothing else.
who knows, may be he got himself a kawaja n abandoned sch.
It was not clear if those were included in the Omdurman hospital figure.
Is Uganda, China right on South Sudan sanctions?
Try alternative routes in case you were planning to join Jinja Road.
🔊 Betty: From impaired speech to inspirational speaker.
In an overt attack on his critics who he said have queried his decision to contest again for the presidency, Besigye today said he has not yet accomplished the mission he set out to deliver to Ugandans.
Antibiotics do not work against viruses, only bacteria.
Ask the president using the Hash tag #AskM7 on twitter; on Friday.
By Vision ReportersBUBULO Girls� School bus driver who rammed into a commuter taxi on Monday, killing two primary school pupils, is in Police custody, the Jinja district Police commander, John Cohen Arinaitwe .
The elections are due tomorrow http://see.
Sacked NIRA staff defended.
So the IAAF says Caster Semenya has an outright advantage compared to other athletes?
The case has sparked outrage in Cairo, where lawyer Mohammed Abu Hurira said: “There is no justice in Egypt.
Goal Spurs 2-2 Leicester (50 mins).
Ferrari World is a Ferrari themed amusement park on Yas Island in Abu Dhabi.
The Ministry of Health has moved covid-19 vaccinations that have been taking place at the ministry’s headquarters to Kololo Independence Grounds.
Still he must go!
The trial had been scheduled for two consecutive days.
You know exactly how to skillfully employ your charm to get what you want.
South Sudan''s government on Tuesday slammed a peace proposal they are now under intense diplomatic pressure to sign after rebels agreed to the deal to end the country''s brutal civil war.
The viewers’ benefit is courtesy of a course that will have participants twice covering a 16.
Nelson #Mandela keeps his fists raised after he was sentenced to life imprisonment, June 1964.
Govt to beef up security of the Judicial officers says Minister of Justice and constitutional affairs, Maj.
Each time she reminded him not to, a verbal exchange ensued.
The New Vision added 7 new photos — in Lira, Uganda.
The New Vision is with Asimwe Frank and 3 others.
The New Vision added 20 new photos — at Makerere University.
#Inthenewvision: A man has committed suicide after killing his children after failing to raise sh20,000 to treat them.
just say that lets do it .
For the past 4 years he has lost his sex drive and I've been supportive but he also shows no affection to me.
Today IN HISTORY: Miss Uganda Victoria Nabunya's suspension lifted.
Teachers are becoming selfish,how much is tuition for teaching colleges, Health workers pay alot of money in training institution and also take the longest time and yet they are paid little but they hardly complain.
A senior four student in the eastern district of Kamuli was admitted at Kamuli Health Care after being beaten into coma by her Arts teacher accusing her of staying in the dormitory during class hours.
Sometimes I ask myself if NEMA as an organization exists.
The former world heavyweight boxing champion, one of the world's best-known sportsmen, died at a hospital in the US city of Phoenix in Arizona state after being admitted on Thursday.
The National Resistance Movement Party delegates conference is ongoing at the Mandela National Stadium in Namboole.
Crapppp a Ugandan passport can be held by anyone in this world dont you know how corrupt the system is?
She recently underwent an operation at the North Middlesex Hospital.
Here are some of the stories to expect in your copy of Saturday Vision.
Family, let's all support Uganda Cranes.
There'S a reason you brought us to this new day, Lord.
#Nationalprayer:Yoweri Museveni hosts interdenominational prayer in the wake of #COVID19 pandemic.
The Bible says He spent all His resources designing man in his own image.
As of December 27, Uganda registered 1,272 new #COVID19 cases and 2 new deaths.
ly/2MnSFYm Register today and find your right job today-> https://goo.
Mps are demanding that locals, including women be involved in fresh negotiations over compensation.
Not being able to do a pull-up doesn’t mean you shouldn’t step up to the bar.
The battle for 2021 Bukono parliamentary seat is likely to be one of the toughest ever fought in Namutumba district elections.
#Rotarycancerrun: Rotary Cancer Run 2019 .
The Speaker of Parliament, Jacob Oulanyah has warned committee members to not accept any form of bankrolling for their activities by Government agencies, ministries and departments.
R&B artist Chris Brown's has suffered a seizure brought on by intense fatigue and extreme emotional stress, his publicist Nicole Perna said.
The unusual situation raised questions over how the transition would be managed, with the constitution calling for the speaker of the national assembly to step in if the president dies.
Usual LIES FROM NV.
Far golden idea if well monitored!
Come and pick him.
Today is World Epilepsy Day.
When SHOULD PARENTS SHARE PROPERTY WITH THEIR CHILDREN?
Such pipo need to be by now just a consultant at a continental level where leaders in African ctries including uganda cd come to him 4 advices.
The New Vision added 7 new photos — with Frank Dalton Oguttu at Kidepo Valley National Park.
The 2013 hit song Started From The Bottom (now we are here) by Canadian rapper Drake was one of the most successful songs of that year.
This follows an uproar on social media led by former FDC Presidential candidate Kizza Besigye who accused Owiny-Dollo of secretly backing President Yoweri Museveni's wish of denial of bail for capital offenders.
I used to love it but since getting with a new partner I seem to have lost interest in actually doing it.
You may want to check out these dope outfits and moves from Kristiana Kayanja's debut fashion show.
Russia "violated 1987 nuclear missile treaty', by testing a nuclear cruise missile, US government says.
A warder and an inmate at Masindi Prison died after drowning in a septic tank.
Let today be a new beginning and be the best that you can, and you'll get to where God wants you to be,” Joel Osteen.
Until he started wars with Tumukunde so little did muzei knew DAT Kale had lost it long time ago?
#Klatrafficfrustration on Kiira Road if you plan to use this route you might want to try alternative routes.
Good old fashioned volunteer work can actually be a good way to break into a new industry or gain some useful experience to improve your CV.
It should be preserved to keep our climate OK.
Genocide is the gravest crime in international humanitarian law, yet it is also the most difficult to prove.
show da leaders we have wat dey out to do not wat dey just say.
Do you have any activity that engages a group or groups of students?
Until you give it a go, it’s really just speculation.
#Photography: A Japanese sumo teacher in a mock fight with two children during a demonstration before a two-day sumo tournament in Jakarta on August 24, 2013.
Vatican finance chief Cardinal George Pell admitted Monday the Catholic Church "mucked up" in dealing with paedophile priests and vowed he would not "defend the indefensible" before an Australian inquiry.
Aint it late for him?
Place chicken in the pan, and lightly brown.
Take heart my dear comrades, and accept watever comes out.
The New Vision added 31 new photos — in Moscow, Russia.
Democratic principles at work.
The Government is reviewing the earlier compensation to people affected by the planned construction of the Hoima- Kaiso-Tonya road that leads to the oil fields.
"I learned of my husband's death when I saw writing that his girlfriend had died".
Cover the pot and remove from heat.
Plans are underway to have the Pope arrested during his upcoming visit to the UK.
It is acquired when both parents have the sickle cell trait gene.
Government has declared Wednesday February 23 a public holiday.
Australia is to have a new prime minister after Tony Abbott was ousted as leader of the centre-right Liberal Party by Malcolm Turnbull.
Photo by Juliet Lukwago.
The New Vision is with Ashraf Yenze.
Caos have protested against a new directive from finance Permanent Secretary, Keith Muhakanizi, about their financing.
🥑 Musubi Farm in #Mayuge district has received a huge boost from the agriculture ministry for Hass #avocado growing.
We are having discussions on a transition arrangement and other important key issues for the integration.
These are different companies competing against each other for market share!
4 me I can't even afford a local kikomando.
I pray by the time u chance ur profile pic when we v got a lasting solution to our problems of the nursing course we pursued.
Prove yo loyalty to God.
The Court presided over by  Justice Joseph Murangira issued a warrant of arrest for #Zhenghjun yesterday at the start of the trial after he failed to attend court.
Drogba, reportedly, to be punished for displaying support for Mandela like this.
#Covid19: Okwogera kwa Pulezidenti Museveni.
Enjoy reading both the New Vision and Bukedde papers online at only 2,000 UGX.
Zaverino Kyeyune, a resident of Kyungu in Mukono Town Council, made the plea before Justice Irene Mulyagonja.
00am this morning aboard BA.
There'S no solution for corruption except hunging someone involved.
Same sort of names, same sort of people , same sort of region!
Let Him Also Suffer Like Others.
Sops were not observed.
In the New Vision this Friday.
Idi Amin in 1975 as part of the defense offices but he was ousted before its completion.
The New Vision is with Agaba Yonha AY.
But we still need more five star hotels.
Rwanda'S Paul Kagame on Burundi's President Nkurunziza.
I will still compete at the Olympics.
#Valentinespictures: Tom Luhanga and Danny Primmy at Arua park.
#Breaking: Major Airports across India on alert.
Its so bad cos it wil attract christians to go and worship it as their Jesus or god.
"U" martys,could they've SAVED that Kid!
The police is the worst.
The bad people who messed up the road are being dealt with.
We have gone through difficult times, John Magara tells mourners during a requiem mass in Kampala.
Was OTT tax budgeted when it was passed?
I buy my land, then I pay u money as still incur construction money?
Stuff each shoe with wet newspaper as tightly as you can.
Following police investigations, Tumwesigye was arrested and charged in June.
Hahahaha, albino mukene, strange but true.
How bout with Jesus how many years?
Already on the streets.
📣Kudos to Tv East and EtopRadio Aica Na Ateker on signing a deal with Teso at Heart to be the main sponsors of the #AtekerCup.
A businessman of Indian decent recently, under similar circumstances committed suicide by Jumping to death off a storied shopping complex in down town Kampala.
It also means that power deficit during daytime will be met sufficiently from the previous 120MW.
Mbale residents use tear gas canisters to take beers.
Is it a country where man eat man or where man eat nothing?
Museveni will meet the secretary generals of political parties who are members of the Interparty Dialogue (IPOD).
Should government shell out the billions needed to try and salavage UTL?
Before you lash out or blow your top in front of your child, think about this: Is that how you want your child to behave when angry?
The final audit report into the loss of billions of shillings in the Office of the Prime Minister has blamed internal control weaknesses in the Treasury.
Simply replicate it here.
Deer shaped electrical transmission lines in #Russia.
King Oyo Now giving his speech.
The culture of open defecation is becoming a common practice due to the lack of toilets in Butaleja, the Resident District Commissioner, Stanley Bayora, has said.
🏃🏽‍♀️💪🏽 She did well at the Gold Coast two years ago.
Female #gorilla Bahati holding new baby and her favorite treat: red peppers.
A team from Equal Opportunities Commission in parade during International Women's Day celebrations held in Nakasongora.
I think new vision should give me a column space and we discuss stuff like this.
#Uganda🇺🇬 has qualified for the 2021 Africa U-20 Cup of Nations after beating #Kenya🇰🇪 3-1 in the semifinals of the CECAFA qualifiers in #Tanzania🇹🇿.
No wonder, sh'd being a moslem guarantee one to be spared if he/she is jst behaving rightly like a pig?
When we saw the dogs, especially the puppies jumping and fighting to get our attention, it was very hard to leave them in that place and in Yulin.
Send their details to features@newvision.
Rotten BLOOD IN HOSPITALS.
The first telephone call was made.
Kizza Besigye the president and flag bearer of FDC has today launched his manifesto as he plans to officially kick-start his campaign tomorrow starting with Rukungiri.
Mtn IN TROUBLE AGAIN.
At least 18 inmates died and 16 were injured in an overnight clash between prisoners in Honduras after fighting erupted at a jail.
All the details New Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
she is only human.
The world champion dominated practice but a string of errors ended with contact with the inside wall at Turn 11 as team-mate Nico Rosberg took pole.
Lake tragedy: Templa Bisase's body was retrieved this morning.
The finding by Radar Technologies International (RTI) was made using space based exploration technology called WATEX system.
tell us and let us understand as we debate it out, not peddling arrogance and showing us how lousy you are.
#Breaking: Former #Israeli PM Ariel Sharon dies at 85 after 8 years in life support.
The inclusion of Camilla, who married Charles in 2005, comes as she has taken on more prominent royal duties in recent years and has seen her public approval rating grow.
Investigators believe Tiharihondi killed his mom, dad, and their young boy at the family's apartment in the 870 block of Strey Lane, not far from Memorial City Mall.
Kidnapped Nigerian archbishop released.
Two people were injured after the Police fired teargas in Onyamatung trading centre in Okwateta sub-county, Pallisa district to disperse supporters of FDC Presidential candidate, Patrick Oboi Amuriat.
Utb to produce short videos about the Uganda Martyrs.
At Christ the King Church, Kampala, Msgr Joseph Mugambe, 92, the assistant parish priest, took part in the #AshWednesday Mass celebration.
President Yoweri Museveni is still touring Bugisu region, where he is meeting National Resistance Movement leaders as well as launching mega projects.
Muslims in different parts of the country have converged at their respective mosques to celebrate Eid Aduha.
NO ONE COUNTRY , NO ONE CURRENCY , NO EVERYTHING .
Police said they were making love on xpress high way and he killed her bse she was dry.
In NEW VISION TODAY: Why newsreaders feared to announce Arch.
Government offices put shifts in your work plans.
The New Vision is with Lillie Jones and 41 others.
But u shud first know wat yo partner is into wat?
the pig was branded Mohammad Nsereko not moslems as a whole, why not let Nsereko as a person defend his position with regard to the islam teachings if he thinks he was abused?
The co-pilot said he had seized his chance when the pilot went to the bathroom, Bertrand Staempfli, the airport spokesman, told reporters.
Photos by Kennedy Oryema.
What did they consider?
Rogers Kapere, the Lyantonde District Police Commander, has been put on the spot for releasing Robert Ssesanga, the NRM registrar at night under unclear circumstances.
Low turn out at the polls today even after the day was made a public holiday.
Wemen also testfied that, condoms make noise during sex&wake up kids.
Women in Kabale have decided to welcome President Museveni with a traditional dance.
Nup party president Robert Kyagulanyi (Bobi Wine) has urged #Ugandans to get inoculated against the #coronavirus.
The chairperson of the National Resistance Movement (NRM) electoral commission, Tanga Odoi, warned that party primary elections would be suspended if the situation does not normalise.
“The floods have slightly gone down but the effects remain enormous across the district,” the Uganda Red Cross Kasese branch manager, Everest Habai, said.
Why did the MPs block over sh37b meant for Uganda Airlines?
Beautiful ws it rilley?
Read FULL MATCH REPORT HERE:.
Google has built a fiber-optic network in Kampala, Uganda, the company announced yesterday, and it is a huge step forward for the city’s Internet infrastructure.
Read full story in Saturday Vision-https://vpg.
Above all ,payments for supervisors when!
People want to hire other people that they want to spend time with.
The New Vision is with Sasha Human UG.
Yeaha, be friendly to them.
Over 1,300 children have failed to enroll for universal primary education in Mayuge district because of a religious sect that discourages followers from attending school.
It has been shown to be 95 percent effective in preventing Covid-19 infection.
The Batwa community in Uganda is set to benefit from a new research project exploring the emotional effects of environmental change experienced by marginalized indigenous communities.
She just couldn't get enough of them.
Out of the total population of about 34.
2018 Africa Laureate, Barbara joins the coveted league of exceptional editors on the continent.
We have to research facts and reality about these crooks like Nyerere Obote Mandela etc.
Old school politic whereby u dress nrm people to look like fdc.
Kenya gained independence on December 12, 1963 with Kenyatta as its first President.
Lazaro Omoding is more than a century old and served in both world wars.
Italy'S life expectancy drops 1.
Ronnie Balya has said that ISO is working with other security organs to hunt down killers of sheikhs in the country.
The New Vision is with Kenneth Negron.
In Ankole, the Nkore Cultural Trust (NCT), led by William Katatumba, are agitating for the restoration of Obugabe bwa Ankole.
'So far, we have arrested a total of 23 suspects in connection with the murders and they have also confessed to orchestrating the attacks' - Fred Enanga, spokesperson for the Uganda Police Force.
The pictures of the baby are too graphic to be posted here.
His parents were utterly poor so much that he could not even complete his two –year training as a primary teacher at Kabwangasi Primary Teacher’s College because of lack of money.
Its clearly written in sura' Baqra, 2nd chapter.
On current form, Italy are one of Europe’s best teams, having gone unbeaten in their last 25 games.
In that dream, she was supposed to cure ailing skins with herbal remedies.
Thanks 4 those updates, i like them.
Charles Angina and Col.
Out: most bread, cookies, chocolate, white rice, nearly every cereal, honey, and anything with corn syrup or sugar.
New York Police Department is reportedly requesting for arrest wagons and threatening mass arrests.
The Basoga Twegaite association in the diaspora is to fund-raise for a cancer treatment unit in Jinja.
It shows he is not committed to the struggle against violation of human rights,” the UPC spokesperson Okello Lucima said on Wednesday.
Musisi said a big number of the youth did not have the necessary requirements set by the bank to access the funds and hence missed out on the stimulus package.
Edit: Location is Kampala Road in Kampala district.
A Trabzonspor Kulübü player, Salih Dursun, was over the weekend sent off the pitch after he showed the referee a red card during a game with Galatasaray in a fractious Turkish league encounter on Sunday.
It shows and indicates Peace and love,if u want to comment do ,but this arrogance ward are not gud to FB ,Manya kikommando or what and what!
So do planes,” says Daniel Cosgrove, M.D., medical director of the WellMax Center in La Quinta, California.
"We must resist the temptation to fall back on the same partisanship, pettiness and immaturity that have poisoned our country for so long," Buhari said at a ceremony held in the nation's capital of Abuja.
We are having sleepless nights because of the refugees.
The government has only negative power.
#Papalvisituga walk October 31.
President Kaguta Museveni congratulates security forces for making sure the pilgrims who come in big numbers for the #MartyrsDay2018 are always safe.
New vision, we know Ur friends with Kale Naye mama, the chap has been arrested.
The New Vision is with Calysta Powers.
Are you looking at working abroad?
Find his story in Pakasa, only in the New Vision.
News just in is that Mp Barnabas Tinkasimire's wife has died after last week's arsonist attack on her home in Mukono.
Lose and literally end interest in next year’s finals.
Mawa is said to have withheld salaries of junior staff as a form of disciplinary measure yet there is a board, which is supposed to handle matters concerning absenteeism.
For over 25 years, personal trainer Mike Duffy has sought to correct this habit explaining that, “half the people I deal with aren’t losing weight because they don’t eat enough”.
>Ministries illegally hold sh1.
Most social learning occurs through modelling so make sure your kids hear you speak and act in appropriate ways when you interact with them and others.
Good job but those yellow pens, no no.
Nowdays information about proper medical methods and way to perform diagnosis can be found on Internet so it is easy to check if the doctor have followed the routine and done the tests.
They were fearless and did it at the cost of their lives.
As the Maasai studied his map, the Briton is seen mesmerized and curious by this Massai.
The New Vision is with Musa Moses.
Working with you has been amazing, thank you for being part of what we do.
President Yoweri Museveni says he would have retired to his farm already, but when he scrutinizes people who want to take over from him, they all lack focus to drive the ‘vehicle’.
Mexican, Carlos Slim's fortune has risen to $53.
First lady graces former teacher’s thanksgiving, applauds her, details in the New Vision.
Dubai INVESTIGATION: We explore how our journalist escaped.
7m face mask to Parliament on Tuesday to protect himself against COVID-19.
Joseph Mwatishi who deals in mobile phones could not hold his tears after arriving at his shop and found.
For Tusker Project Fame 6, Kavutha is hoping to find contestants who are tenacious, talented, determined and never willing to give up.
Many of us find it hard to co-exist with our exes; those that we still moon over and those that would do the world a lot of good if they just stopped to exist.
Over 70 people have been arrested in Mityana as police hunt for thugs that waylaid a Kalita bus in the wee hours of Monday morning.
Is kigundu following Wats going on in Burundi ?
Coach Ayub Khalifa's side are eyeing a semi-final place 👇.
You become a commercial item on the market.
Looking at some comments you wonder how Ugandans have dismissed the presence of Corvid19 in the country!
A statement from the Governor of the Bank of Uganda said the action was been taken because the Bank of Uganda is determined that the continuation of Global Trust Bank's activities is detrimental to the interest of its depositors in notice that was pinned at the Tororo branch.
Remember to stay healthy, strong and active with the #OlympicDay workout at home.
Paris Saint-Germain forward Neymar, has tested positive for coronavirus.
Others who missed out include; goalkeeper Isma Watenga, defenders Aggrey Madoi and Timothy Awanyi and midfielder Ambrose Kirya.
Stay there my man.
But one of the most recent it was following a Persian erotica account, it said.
New York Red Bulls have enrolled so many footballers over the years —from unknowns to stars like Thierry Henry —but few if not none as professional and with the personality of Ibrahim Sekagya.
#Kiprotich VISION Group will have official Video of entire MARATHON.
The East African Legislative Assembly (EALA) MPs have appealed to regional heads of state to urgently assent to the long-awaited One Stop Border Posts Bill that was passed last year in Kigali to facilitate trade and movement of people within the Community.
That'S when the defense team will start making submissions.
Former Vice President, Prof.
More than that,you unite us all in pride and ownership.
The health minister, Dr. Ruth Aceng, said they would not rescind their decision to fully reopen the economy in January even with a surge in coronavirus cases, driven by the omicron variant.
This is therefore to inform all our viewers and advertisers in the affected that Bukedde TV and Urban TV channels are only available on pay TV.
But when it knocks, would you donate your body to a university to be used for training students aspiring to become doctors?
The Government has said when schools open on January 10, 2022, the terms will be longer than usual.
The New Vision is with Edreen Walker and 6 others.
Father hear our cry!
The Sports Minister has already spoken.
Eriabu Lugujjo has commended the Uganda Woodball Federation (UWbF) for successfully hosting the inaugural Africa Woodball workshop that started Wednesday at Nabinoonya Resort Beach, Entebbe.
Today'S Front Page: Teachers to be transferred every 5 years.
The Government has committed itself to pay Roko Construction Limited an outstanding debt of sh46.
Seems she has no ears to listen.
In Group B, second-placed #Uganda🇺🇬 (7 points) host leaders #BurkinaFaso🇧🇫 (8 points) today at St. Mary's Stadium, Kitende.
Is this a good thing Mathias?
West will be fully vaccinated within a few months.
Hotels send hundreds of workers on forced leave #EPAPER: http://is.
The four have been remanded to Luzira Prison after being charged with 30 counts of forgery of Stanbic Bank ATM cards.
That was before the advent of illiterate 'tycoons', ill-bred and myopic politicians, then peasants from all corners of Uganda.
Sunday Vision has details #EPAPER-https://vpg.
Security Guide –Gadgets that can keep you safe , What to consider before hiring a security guard and many more in Sunday Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
The international event will attract over 500 parliamentarians across the globe.
Exams have ended or are nearly ending and students have between three and six months before they return to school.
She passed away at the weekend after a lifetime of dominating competition from all over the globe to be crowned the ‘World’s Ugliest Woman’ a whopping 28 times.
So what are they intending to solve here?
More stories in today's paper.
Live in GULU NOW!
Nowadays, a new meal timetable features a much improved diet.
When self-government was proclaimed in March 1962, the title of Commissioner of Police was abolished and replaced by Inspector General of Police.
#Valentineswagg: Share with us your valentimes moments with pictures.
And the battle for the African market is well underway.
I am doing my part to help our economy bounce back.
A great soul will be strong to live as well as think," Ralph Waldo Emerson.
The one man for the job - Pierre Merick Aubameyang lashes in the vital goal.
Complete list of events.
A four-year-old boy who went missing last Wednesday (March 2) in Katuuso zone, Buziga Parish in Makindye, Kampala, has been rescued exactly two days after his mother told of his disappearance in the newspapers.
i will pull him off.
N rest in horror u monster!
There is one thing i like about my Uganda Toni Braxson .
A driver opens for Rosa Whitaker on arrival at the Uganda Parliament where she attended the session of the East African Legislative Assembly opened by President Yoweri Museveni.
“In the future I need to look for good facilities so the young, upcoming athletes don’t travel long distances like I used to,” Kiprotich, who moved to Eldoret in Kenya when he was 17, said.
Rest in peace those who were shot dead innocently, the media ignored you.
Papa FRANCIS,PLIZ APPOINT FOR US DR.
I wish Uganda to remain the only Catholic Nation.
Parliament is seeking for Shs 200 billion for the construction of new Parliamentary chambers to accommodate the increasing numbers of MPs.
The way unemployed teachers are correcting.
The Uganda Cranes will be facing Comoros in a must win match on Sunday at Namboole Stadium .
Tumwebaze, who is also in charge of Kampala, on Tuesday ordered Musisi to set up a physical planning committee, saying many investors in Kampala had complained to him over the losses they had incurred because of delays in approving building plans.
He did lots of casual work and engaged in petty trade including peddling cigarettes, drinks and muchomo (roast meat) at the railway station in Rwemiyaga.
We want a reasonable salary,” Geoffrey Okello, one of the guards told New Vision.
Allow us to Re-Echo the Theme of the Budget, “Industrialization for Job Creation and Shared Prosperity” What do you understand by it?
#Offtheweb Hit Like and Share when you Notice it.
Despite being eliminated in the ongoing Africa Nations Championship (CHAN) in Rwanda, Uganda Cranes will be assured of walking away with $125,000(sh435m).
Uganda is a filfty country which does think about its youth that's why they resort in drink?
Earlier today, a Uganda Airlines plane touched down at Abed Amani Karume International Airport in #Zanzibar to mark the airline's maiden flight to the East African island nation.
Recruitment of local defence unit personnel to take charge of security in Kampala, Wakiso and Mukono starts next week.
You'Re STILL WASTING YOUR LIVES, TIME AND RESOURCES !
Mbarara city NRM electoral commission has halted the voting exercise for the MP seat for Mbarara City South at Rubiri polling station in Nyamityobora ward citing chaos, Kawesa Sebuuma, the Mbarara City NRM registrar revealed.
This will mean that he will go and work there while I stay with the children in Uganda.
Teach you child new ways to respond to feelings by discussing common situations that your child might remember or that happen frequently.
Scientists have discovered two pathways that are likely channelling warm ocean water under a massive Antarctic glacier, which could contribute to rising global sea levels, a study revealed Tuesday.
Mps on the Budget & Social services committees have directed the Energy Minister to write to the thermal electricity producers to switch power back on as they negotiate over arrears totalling to over sh300b.
This is hide and seek game.
-Kaweesi murder: supermarket video recording goes missing.
The gods are not happy.
Shanita Namuyimbwa has had her share of troubles in her recent life, more particularly in the last six or so months.
The New Vision is with Moses Nathan Muhangi and Victor Kiwujja.
Oh Uganda what has gone wrong.
Full story here http://goo.
The New Vision is with Selule Musa.
The New Vision is with Sophie Namukwaya and 2 others.
Among ov them, who iz yr bro/sista?
Striker will have medical on Saturday.
Ratio of officials to athletes at Olympics .
In a bid to allow the Uganda Cranes concentrate on training for the do-or-die 2013 Nations Cup qualifier against Zambia, FUFA has banned fans’ visits to the team camp.
Nature has set the boundaries.
The era of kaveera might be nearing the end.
Start your journey towards a career in accounting and finance.
The Uganda Human Rights Commission (UHRC) has launched investigations into the violent riots that paralyzed life in Kampala and other parts of the country last week.
How do you know if your co-worker feels you or she is just teasing you?
There will be no dead year while national exams for primary and secondary schools will be held in March and April.
The New Vision is with Kasiba A Andrews and Watmon Maxwell.
Do you show her that you love her as she is?
And what becomes of our children?
The New Vision is with Sebunya Asuman and Mostine da Agripreneur.
The Insurance Regulatory Authority (IRA) has asked the Government to insure its assets against losses that may come with uncompensated risks.
Quality is the best business plan.
Stir chicken and Cajun seasoning into the vegetable mixture.
New Vision is liberating you from looking for information about Uganda agriculture and you are given information from Australia or Colombia.
What do you mean by southern.
The New Vision is with Marion Keita Mignoné and Muyanja Abdulwahab.
Exiled UPDF representative in Parliament Gen.
A 14-year-old boy was hit by a vehicle at Isenda village in Kigandalo Sub County, Mayuge district.
there are no enough mattresses in state house.
He says given my age, he does not want to take the risk of having an expensive wedding only to end up without children.
I am going to make sure I avail newspapers to my pupils,”Kitareba said -- see more at: https://goo.
Concern is mounting in government over a new schedule from the International Criminal Court (ICC) places President Uhuru Kenyatta and his Deputy William Ruto at The Hague at the same time for a whole month.
I bet, u will find pot-holes already.
Officials steal teachers pension.
Take this survey powered by surveymonkey.com.
The Force then used the compensation package to procure two new vessels at sh2.
To get those cars out of Police, you will pay a price worth buying a new car.
The Law ought to generally reflect the principles and will of God; and reasoning that isn’t biased or influenced by primitive, selfish and crude cultural tendencies.
Katerega said the outstanding amount in court awards and compensations had been accumulating over the last five years from sh54b in 2011/2012 to sh676.
The New Vision is with Beekalaze James.
This leaves Leicester city as the only English team to advance to the Quarter finals.
Over 10,000 people have been displaced in Bundibugyo district following post-election clashes that left nine people dead and four others injured.
Youth aged 10 to 24 in Uganda are expected to more than double to 29.
Pope Francis has made his break into the music world.
Within the fi rst two months, we went out on great dates.
Called YouTube Music, the platform will offer songs both with and without video, and users will be able to switch instantly to an audio-only mode.
Get the story in New Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Explain the feeling by using words your child can easily understand.
Tops are most corrupted ones If you can lie on every thing that makes you get donations from abroad, we're the collection as in terms of corona?
It said Kampala recorded most of the new cases at 702 from 450 on Thursday, followed by Wakiso at 231 from 174 and Mbarara at 24.
Hold politicians accountable – Opondo tells journalists.
Subscribe to the e-paper 🗞️ —.
"Since that action, another fatal accident occurred," EASA said, referring to Sunday's Ethiopian Airlines crash that killed 157 people.
Today IN HISTORY: 2006 Thai military stages a coup in Bangkok.
Hide me under your wings; cover me with your mighty hand.
A Parliamentary Select Committee on Compensation of Ugandan traders has implored the South Sudanese Parliament and the government to establish a committee for the verification of Ugandan traders seeking compensation for the loss of property and unpaid for goods during the civil war in the country.
I can only describe M7 as archaic, uncouth, barbaric .
The DPP has ordered for more investigations on Kyaligonza assault case.
Forget about the free beans, posho and now masks being distributed by the Government.
Katumba Wamala in hospital.
World Cross Country: Police assures tight security.
Build your life to hold space for your dream.
Pupils of Namakeba primary school on Buvuma Island have resorted to using bushes for latrines.
5bn, making him the world's richest man.
If he cums before you, my sister focus on yourself.
This government is entirely liable.
Under cover brs, this tym round u didnt rock!
Cnn said Friday it fired a London-based news editor, citing dozens of instances of plagiarism in her coverage.
Corruption has been sung at different occasions and nothing has been done to stop it.
Franchising could be your way out.
Farzana Parveen, 25, was attacked outside Lahore's grand high court building by more than two dozen brick-wielding attackers including her brother and father, who has been arrested, police said.
Breaking: General Aronda Nyakairima.
Senkeeto, 290 schools to be renovated, Calm returns to Moyo district.
The bus registered under number UAK 939G is reported to have lost control and overturned at Rubona village in Kisomoro sub-county.
Bruce Wayne (Ben Affleck) is driving through the falling debris of Metropolis while Superman (Henry Cavill) careens carelessly above.
Do you agree to be a member of illuminati new world to become rich, powerful and connected in life.
Most people living in kla are not even supposed to be there.
The Anti-Corruption Unit of State House are camped at Lira Municipal Council after receiving several complaints related to corruption through their helplines.
The highest crime rate is unemployment?
The road into 2019: Sunday Vision brings you events as they unfolded in the country this year.
#Urbancheckpoint: How to combat Gender Based Violence during this covid-19 period.
Lecturers not all teachers.
What happened to the vaccine again.
There was drama at Kalerwe, a Kampala suburb, when a local untrained dog, named Max, netted four notorious thugs who have allegedly been terrorising people by snatching mobile phones, handbags, etc during traffic jam.
Transfer garlic and oil to a shallow bowl.
by this statement you may be unconsciously describing the chairman and his gang of hyenas.
The chairman of Uganda Investment Authority (UIA)’s board of directors, Emely Kugonza, has explained the interdiction of the agency’s executive director-https://goo.
We are in touch with Kony.
I will only be in office Monday to Friday' - Robinah Nabbanja, Prime Minister.
"We managed to track the phones they used to call".
Details in the New Vision today.
IF U DO IT WITH 100 U WIL GET 200.
#Fuldoze: #LockDownParty: Tukyaali ne Ssuuna Ben ow'ekinyaanyanyaanya.
The disconnection has kept 1700 students and their lecturers in darkness since the semester started on September 9.
The New Vision is with Ochan Jimjuuko and Ray See Uganda.
Washington - A 37-year-old mother of two is this week set to become the third woman to graduate from the US Army's elite Ranger School, which previously was open only to men.
3% increase of students enrolling for vocation.
“But we are getting reports that 13 people may have died.
Conversion therapy is an umbrella term for interventions to change a person's sexual orientation or gender identity, based on a widely discounted belief that such a change is possible.
Trump’S assault on Clinton, in a cavernous convention center, marked his first public rally since the Labor Day, the unofficial kickoff to the fall campaign.
30Km MARK KIRUI Abel, KIPROTICH Wilson and KIPROTICH Stephen all timed at 1:30:15.
Uganda'S King M7 also should abdicate.
Mulago Heart Institute has suspended open heart surgery for one week after thieves stole oxygen pipes on Good Friday, leading to the death of some patients.
The Police leadership is redesigning the female Police uniform so as to save them from wearing uniforms designed for men.
It is part of a wider probe into the alleged theft of over sh50b in a sophisticated scam in the OPM.
dont worry jst bear a child it will have ur original colour.
A few hostages have been rescued.
Voters in Guinea-Bissau are to elect a new parliament Sunday in the hopes of ending a three-year-old leadership deadlock in a country that has become more renowned for drug trafficking than its cashew nuts.
Information from the Office of the President indicates that although they received sh21b for the celebrations, more money could have been spent since some organisations sponsored their own activities.
Today, NUP's Robert Kyagulanyi is shifting his focus to Acholi sub-region, having wrapped up his West Nile campaign trail on Wednesday.
He got our of his car to open his gate and u conclude he loved his car too much?
Kale Kayihura, has appreciated the efforts by the Commander of Land Forces, @mkainerugaba, to have him pardoned by the Commander-in-Chief.
Museveni: Martyrs an opportunity for Uganda's heritage that has watered growth of the Church.
The former prime minister who is challenging President Yoweri Museveni in the February 18 polls, made the pledge while visiting Amin's ancestral home in northwest Uganda, where he was welcomed by the former leader’s uncle.
Many, including "I'm Awake," first appeared in The New Yorker.
Allen Kagina warns on road reserves as UNRA signs contracts for three key road projects.
The results from Friday's tests have revealed 91 new positive cases, with #Uganda now at a cumulative tally of 2,847 cases.
Madam Byekwaso, why bother if the accused said he doesnt mind?
The New Vision is with Nuwasiimire Burdens De Pro and 2 others.
The New Vision is with Kiwanuka Meddie and 2 others.
miss it, miss out!
Today, at 32, he is one of the millionaires in the multi-billion shillings land/property development industry.
- Minister Matia Kasaija.
Do you have a story to share, or an encouragement for those battling hopelessness?
There is this easy one here who brags a lot about his security.
Then 4 Us In Koboko?
The Church can only seat a congregation of three people at ago.
With its life threatening mechanical condition, this truck has no number plate, head lamps and windscreen but remains running on Kamuli-Jinja highway.
Commonwealth delegates head to Jinja tomorrow, Saturday, for the ‘Paint the City Bright’ campaign.
As the issue of women empowerment gains prominence, the girl child is increasingly climbing the corporate ladder and the boy child, on the other hand, is now the known neglected and threatened species.
Details (for desktop) 👉🏽.
✓Post legislative scrutiny – a dimension of the oversight function of Parliament.
Find a free copy inside the Saturday Vision #EPAPER -https://vpg.
Crime intelligence spokesperson Vincent Sekate says the main suspects in this circle have been operating from one Garage in Namakwekwe in Mbale and Naluvule in Nansana.
Trust your mummy gut.
Kenya’S Vice President, Kalonzo Musyoka today joined President Yoweri Museveni on the campaign trail, sharing the podium with him at a rally in Kyenjojo district.
Ma'A Nonu won a battle with Sonny Bill Williams for a midfield start in New Zealand's quarter final against France as coach Steve Hansen called out his big guns for Saturday's crunch match.
Uganda made it two straight wins in the ICC World Cricket League Division Three by beating Nepal by 6 wickets Monday.
Police on Thursday morning arrested Rachael Mbabazi, daughter of former Premier, Amama Mbabazi.
Even an occasional glass of wine or beer increases the risk of health problems and dying, according to a major study on drinking in 195 nations that attributes 2.
Inzzi finishes 7th and out of final.
When I suggested to my father that I should change to a better school and acquire better education, he made me sit home for a whole year without studying.
And since Supreme Mufti has been in Co-existence with Mubajje, i think his Replacement is worth it.
#Fullblast: Herbert Yawe Kabanda atuuse ne tiimu ye okutunuulira ebibadde mu wiiki.
If Tinyefunza wants force let him come he has my address.
The new financial year starts in July.
While the documentary does not claim he broke his vow of celibacy with Polish-born philosopher and writer Anna-Teresa Tymieniecka, the tone of some of his letters to her points to intense feelings between them, the broadcaster says.
Pell gave evidence from a hotel in Rome via video-link to the Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse in Sydney rather than appear in person as he has a heart condition.
The Liverpool defender was found to have violated UEFA’s strict drugs laws after he gave a sample following his side’s 1-1 draw with Manchester United in the Europa League on March 17.
Let’S save you the hassle of moving.
#Photography: Baboons trying to drive and acar while one seems to be searching for nuts under the driver's seat.
You can't imagine parents before lockdown where paying for SOPs as if we helped in manufacturing the COVID.
Do you think we're well prepared to deal with a natural disaster like the landslide that swept away several homes in Bududa district and left scores dead?
Uganda’S alarming slide down the FIFA Coca-Cola world rankings has continued for a third month in a row.
Who said a dog was man’s best friend?
the kenyans are going through.
Besigye was barred from boarding a flight to Uganda from the Kenyan capital Nairobi on Wednesday, a day before President Yoweri Museveni's swearing in for a fourth term.
The demonstrations are meant to protest the current high fuel and commodity prices.
Police at Kajansi have opened a fresh file into the mystery death of an intruder at singer Jose Chameleone’s home following reports by residents that they saw the man being tortured and set ablaze.
Transasia ATR-72 #GE222 plane from Kaohsiung to #Penghu crash lands, 58 people on board.
As several studies have shown, couples who play together stay together.
Her Christmas wish is to celebrate with her mother and children.
A ruling that the affected MPs vowed to defy.
45b transaction with Tullow Oil, according to Ali Ssekatawa, URA assistant commissioner for litigation.
Get the full story in Saturday Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
East African countries are developing a qualification frame work for higher education which will make East Africa a common higher education zone.
God Bless our country Uganda!
Powerful people choose who they want to be with, what they are going to pursue in life, and how they are going to go after it".
The law requires that they return the unused funds to the treasury after June.
This is after Rubaga Grade One Magistrate Joel Wegoye ordered Kaddu to appear for judgment.
The call comes at a time when the government just launched the second five-year roadmap to accelerate the implementation of the SDGs 2020/21 to 2024/25.
Subscribe to our #EPAPER👉 bit.
Take a look at some of the highlights.
At Jomayi stage in Namanve, motorists slow down; taxi passengers peer through windows as pedestrians take a moment to marvel at Andrew Ssemanda's car bond.
Where is he right now?
Dutch legend Johan Cruyff has died at the age of 68 after a battle with cancer.
The Inter-Party Organization for Dialogue (IPOD) and National Consultative Forum (NFC) Monday presented to the Speaker of Parliament Rebecca Kadaga the proposed constitutional and reforms which have been agreed upon by the opposition parties and NRM including the need for an independent electoral commission.
Germany'S foreign minister has said the rights to coronavirus vaccine research are not for sale.
Want to know the difference between mature leaders and premature leaders .
However, she hasn't yet been brought to court.
How about we sue you for posting her picture without her concent.
They also contribute an average of sh1.
One day an egg will walk, please may be that's the beginning, let it keep growing, hope people are benefiting from that, hope they put that clinic in place for reasons.
Get ready to watch as Gaetano Kagwa & Crystal Newman take you through 20 amazing stories.
Click Link for more.
Share with us as it is happening where you are conveniently.
if we are now telling u how to do ur job then u r nolonger illegible!
Lawmakers voted Friday to impeach Park owing to a corruption scandal http://ow.
Actually, it is cool; it should be – depending on your vantage point.
Photograph of the Uganda team vs Oman at #WCLdiv3 yesterday.
Uganda Cranes goalkeeper Salim Jamal has committed to his long-time fiancée.
The Police have kicked off investigations into the death of a Spanish national suspected to have committed suicide at Sheraton Hotel in Kampala.
Live on all Vision Group Uganda platforms will relay it.
"Do teenage boys know about contraceptives and access to them?
Kayoola EVS officially enters the city.
The Kampala Metropolitan Traffic commander, Norman Musinga, has revealed that police will start daytime operations to net offenders.
May God bless you.
Her husband, Tom Senkya, a local artist and taxi tout, attacked Goretti Najjuma, a fruit vendor at Kasangati in Wakiso district, on Monday, accusing her of having an affair:http://bit.
The love has flown out the window.
He was taken to Nsambya hospital where he reportedly died of internal bleeding.
You’re acting like a reporter.
She said KCCA was responsible for the mess that has been going on at the park because they signed contracts with the developer.
Elijah Malok was born on the 28th of November 1937 in Thiangwong village, Baidit to Aleng Mayen and Agoot Kur Yuot.
Concerned authority should come up clearly on the matter.
“The brain is normal.
Nakato Mercy Beatrice Nachuha and Babirye Catherine Salume Mwolobi who love dancing at already at Namboole stadium to take part in the #TwinsFestivalUg.
A Ugandan community health initiative has been awarded $120,000 (about sh354m) to support the expansion of its innovative approach to tackling child mortality in remote areas by bringing life-saving health services directly to people's doorsteps.
A total of 1,429 suspects were arrested, 376 motor vehicles were impounded and 3,655 motorcycles were seized for flouting COVID-19 guidelines, police have revealed.
Earlier today: Vehicles wade through flooded Nile bridge in Jinja causing serious traffic jam.
Being in attendance,the minister ably discussed most the challenges affecting teachers among others was high pupil-teacher ratio,poor methods of teaching and lack of result orientedness.
The Argentinean pontiff has released his first album entitled "Wake Up"!
Even someone with AIDS, cancer or even diabetes will die but because they're attached to the opposition there deaths will be pinned on the regime.
Prominent gospel artiste and senior pastor of Light the World church Nansana, Pr.
St Paul’s cathedral on Sunday November 8 held their Carols by candlelight where the 10am service sung their carols to a fully packed cathedral with people from all walks of life attending.
It is 40 years today since Martin Cooper, a vice president at Motorola made the first known phone call on a truly mobile device.
Roll ball is a basketball game played while players are rolling skates, which is steadily on the rise in most urban centers in Uganda.
Old age is also at risk of getting Aids www.
Buy the New Vision this Friday and get yourself a free copy.
Why doing such abad thing to someone who has already died.
🩺 How safe are #Uganda's patients?
The Uganda Wildlife Authority (UWA) Game Rangers attached to Murchison Falls National Park on Friday shot dead a distressed elephant which was terrorising the community.
U used to walk to school now ur kids use school van.
A normal Ugandan can spend between 50-100k,if u can come up such a tour and u get even 10k Ug people to visit u would have made some money and as time moves u would double the population and income.
Come ready for free cake tasting for over 50 Bakers.
India'S government has banned some 20,000 charities from accepting overseas funds because they failed to comply with the rules, a home ministry official said Tuesday.
Analysis by lead Vision sports writer Charles Mutebi.
"Your knee in my neck.
New Vision, hlp me as Just In Case 2tel those guys 2reduce salaries 4da MPs n buy sanitary pads 1st, bse menstration cnt wait.
The Government and United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) have been dragged to court for allowing the importation of millions of substandard condoms currently in circulation.
Mobile Telephone Company MTN has announced that the value of mobile money transactions on its platform increased by 24% this year to shs 16.
Amudat district receives no radio signal yet political campaigns this season are mainly through the mass media.
According to data from the finance ministry that was today circulated by the Government Citizen Interaction Centre (GCIC), this will specifically include; skilling Ugandans; enhancing security and wealth creation.
The New Vision is with Jerome Cruz.
He has urged children to desist from such acts.
What is your view on URA taxing pension payments?
Doctors have advised the public to allow her to rest.
Charles Kasule, 40, fell in love with Rosemary Nakibuuka 17 years ago and married her a few months into their relationship.
As it stands, the Reds are heading out of this competition.
The New Vision is with Ďãńdý Phàŕouk Cazorla and Daggy Jah Kisii.
In a large bowl, whisk together mayonnaise, cilantro, scallions, red pepper and sour cream.
Stock is a good investment vehicle especially if you don't have that much time to start your business and want your money to work for you.
It difficult to read ur current NV now.
What is inside Kayihura detention facility?
The gov’t should pass the #NSHPNowNow to allow them access to age-appropriate SRHR services and information.
Grab yourself a copy or read the e-paper here👉🏽 https://t.
The Ministry of Water and Environment has established a new and fully facilitated division to oversee, strengthen and ensure sustainability of operation and maintenance of rural water facilities.
The New Vision is with Peter Paul Walubo Munyegera and 2 others.
Employees will be layed off as a consequence.
Pope Francis' 10-day trip to Cuba and the United States kicked off on Saturday, with the Argentine Pope making his first visit to Cuba.
Obese people generally take about 1,500 steps per day and sit for more than 600 minutes.
Thats true n atyms they eat litle or much depending wt they ate be4.
A suspected terrorist, armed with a pistol loaded with 10 rounds of ammunition, remains in Police custody, after he was nabbed in the border town of Malaba.
How can I handle this situation?
A hapless armed robber in his 60s broke his leg while holding up a convenience store in Japan -- and then used the shop's payphone to call an ambulance, according to a report and police.
Gen Rtd Kahinda #Otafiire and COL.
It s not all about boss parties, its all about good work.
Fifa’S member associations have proposed four candidates for the presidential elections to take place in Zurich on 29 May 2015.
Are you in the U.S or have relatives in the U.S?
Instead of discovering the vaccine, you are busy discovering how women are stronger than men when exposed to this virus.
#Us police killed more people in the first 24 days of 2015 than police in #England and #Wales did in the last 24 years.
Dr Maggie Kigozi President of International Federation of Business and Professional women presided over the function.
Dr. Muyingo also thanked all other media houses– newspapers and broadcast stations, which have played a great part over the years in promoting education in the country.
Get the E-PAPER via https://t.
Never knew that Burundi didn't have water.
He denied the charges and was released on a cash bail of sh1m.
Leaders will now begin fighting 4dat money!
It'S now available in supermarkets and pharmacies.
That'S how i love my self!
Its a very intelligent move to remove overnights and fireworks from end year hysteria.
Kadaga questions legal Committee chair over term limit and seven year issues.
Place in a single layer on a baking sheet.
Find details of this in the New Vision #EPAPER: is.
3%) Joseph Mabirizi has 14,757 (0.
Do not miss her profile in the New Vision.
May be he was implementing my orders😝 yet I remain at large & a free person, Bikuveeko nyabula!
40 Sudhir workers arrested in a raid.
The stocked and unused drugs include mama kits for mothers, anti-retroviral drugs, TB, anti-malarials and anticancer drugs.
The project recognises and rewards individual teachers who are innovatively using limited resources to have a positive impact on their schools and communities.
Isn't She Cranes a national brand better than UTL that was milked to death by " intellectuals".
This was after the UACE results for 2013 were being released today.
Stupid politically motivated by Trump despite objections from the SCIENTIST S!
The two main candidates in the Butambala by-elections; NRM’s Faisal Kikulukunyu and DP’s Muhammed Muwanga Kivumbi have each cast their vote which could cumulatively determine their fate in the Butambala parliamentary by-election that is underway.
All COVID 19 vaccines RECIPIENTS WILL ALL ACQUIRE OMICRON, because that's the side effect of receiving the JAB.
The deadly animals show will feature spiders, stingrays, puffer fish and other animals.
Now what are they going to do with the guns and bullets exhibits?
It was my very first book to read in college and get  interested in reading all the other books.
In that process it does not get moistened to affect its quality.
I have written before about my long suffering knees, and how I was forced to walk the MTN Marathon 10km Run.
The fate of the four NRM legislators at odds with their party over a host of disciplinary issues will know their fate on Thursday next week.
The New Vision is NOW ON SALE.
The New Vision is with Denis Richard.
Find out how to identify and nominate a good teacher.
An ambulance owned by Ngora District Local Government has knocked dead a pupil at Television trading centre in Opuyo parish along Soroti-Mbale road.
What is your view on this NRM party plan.
Kaweesi murderer not found.
The New Vision is with Kebirungi Angellah.
The President who was in the district to guide residents on wealth creation and meet liberation struggle veterans also opened the newly built Resident District Commissioner's offices and laid a foundation stone for Buhweju District Block.
5⃣0⃣ YEARS ON .
The festival involves participants floating downstream in rubber dinghies to a riverside beach, while consuming rather large amounts of beer on the way.
Why was it called the Pigeon Hole Constitution?
Dip eggplant slices in egg, then in bread crumbs.
Here is your chance to witness what critics like to call real music.
Prime Minister Robinah Nabbanja has intervened in a row between Isingiro leaders and refugees in the settlements.
Read our e-paper 👉 https://epapers.
#Makerere University Lecturer heeds #Museveni's advice on #goats.
The New Vision is with Talibita Moses James.
Heal the broken hearted souls, those mourning and your people who have lost hope OH King of Glory.
does anyone have any idea what is causing this?
Former Chief Justice Benjamin Odoki has said he will honour and respect Uganda’s Constitution and continue serving the country as long as he is healthy.
Begging for ‘breakfast’, ‘lunch’ and ‘supper’ which denotes money was common until sports betting happened.
The New Vision is with Lillian Nanfuka.
25Km MARK: Uganda's KIPROTICH moves into 3rd place.
0 magnitude earthquake struck northeast Japan at 2:46 p.m., triggering tsunami waves as high as 30 metres (100 feet) that swept away residents and their homes.
It was in his hospital bed where he has been hooked up to machines since he was nine months old.
A crucial win for #SheffUtd, while #Leicester secure a point at #Burnley.
Dan Kimosho, the MP Kazo County said, "with the increase of young people venturing in boda boda, the sector needs to be regulated".
Sleep with Angels till we meet again dear.
The 18m euros borrowed from the European Investment Bank will be added to the 40m euros grant secured from the European Union towards the project.
But Twinkle’s goals thus far—making films, regaining Maddie’s friendship and winning Neil’s heart—have become so entwined that it’s hard for her to make room for a new goal and new possibilities with Sahil.
He can still prophesy even without meeting them.
Photo by Kennedy Oryema.
For crust, in a medium mixing bowl combine flour and brown sugar.
Mulimba nyo obunyaanya bwona eddagala lyabwookya.
The Government has secured technical support in order to fast-track the construction of four multibillion road projects under a public private partnership (PPP).
She came into my parents’ life when they were a young couple, expecting their second child.
Dp leaders gang up against Mbidde #EPAPER: http://is.
On Monday, Thomas reported to the police station to record a statement and have his police bond extended, since investigations are still ongoing.
And no one is throwing money on them?
South Africa on Saturday confirmed a second case of the novel coronavirus, a 39-year-old woman who had travelled to Italy as part of a group with the first confirmed case.
In a special plenary session Tuesday afternoon chaired by Deputy Speaker, Jacob Oulanyah, MPs hailed Mallinga’s contribution to the legislature, the medical profession and Uganda at large.
In 2010, Hellen Atukunda Katusiime was diagnosed with diabetes.
Researchers at Uganda Virus Research Institute (UVRI), Entebbe have warned of a possible outbreak of yellow fever due to the encroachment on Ziika forest located around Kisubi on the shores of Lake Victoria in Wakiso district.
Digital Migration: Ugandans to buy new radio receivers.
It looks like the all country is on a stand still with nothing going on completely.
#Baftas - Jack O'Connell poses with the Rising Star Award at the BAFTA British Academy Film Awards.
Now if the Lectures hate the VC, cann' the Gov't place another VC there?
Bukedde TV leads in Kampala http://see.
meanwhile may they all rip.
"Happy valentines day to my son Elija and husband Derrick .
During his ruling, Justice Muya asked the government to address some security concerns.
Get the story in New Vision.
"I am not a saint, unless you think of a saint as a sinner who keeps on trying".
How bad politics forced pushed Senior Presidential Advisor for Buganda Affairs, Capt.
'Irene NTALE HOOKS SSALONGO' Read details in The Kampala Sun '#TGIF.
We’re here for you.
Yet, his dire circumstances notwithstanding, as the eldest son in the home, he was charged with the responsibility of taking care of his parents and family; even at a very early age.
Project Fame: Who will take the sh150m home?
See more related articles at- .
Amelia noted that most of the classes are conducted under trees while district leaders have exhibited the highest level of negligence.
Uganda has recorded 700 new infections, an update from the ministry of health has revealed.
They presented symptoms like those of nodding disease.
Access to the Mandela National Stadium in Namboole for the NRM party delegates’ conference on Monday will be subject to thorough vetting, the Minister for the Presidency, Frank Tumwebaze, has said.
Dictator MUSEVENI MEETING WITH ZUMA DECEPTIVE.
Hotels have been issued with new standard operating procedures aimed at combating the coronavirus.
Cecafa victory is no longer big news for Uganda.
This was after the Director of Public Prosecutions (DPP), Richard Butera endorsed forgery charges against Basajjabalaba in the Anti-Corruption Court in Kololo.
Don'T break your back to rescue a determined fools and thugs stick to civilization.
The New Vision is with Firiority Infiriority and Nyombi Simon Rickie.
If it’s bad I’ll bailed them out.
So which catastrophe are they saying where no one died ?
If you are holding currency notes made from 1987 to 2010, then you have up to December 31, to take them to Bank of Uganda currency centres or else you will be unable to use them thereafter.
The New Vision is with Staga War and 3 others.
Get a copy of the New Vision for details #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Democratic Progressive Party leader Peter Mutharika was declared the winner of Malawi's disputed presidential election on Friday after defeating President Joyce Banda.
"Five victims have been confirmed dead so far and 27 injured," the interior ministry said in a statement.
What of women who batter men and abuse them sexually?
President Museveni has this morning visited the Cranes at their training base to wish them luck ahead of tomorrow's decider against Kenya at Namboole.
Heat canola oil in a pot over medium-high heat; saute sausage, celery, bell pepper, and onion in hot oil until vegetables start to soften, about 5 minutes.
The New Vision is with Laguma Jaspher Charles and Gilbert Junior Buchunju.
Hide that person please make sure he doesnt come to kampala docs take note that your fellow docs have succumbed to this.
After Government of Uganda declared three days of National mourning due to the accident in Kiryandongo that claimed 22 lives, today flags at the Parliament of Uganda are flying at half mast.
#Photography: Tornado Alley inTexas.
893 billion has been allocated to the Agriculture Sector next financial year.
Mutahibu Amuza Musenero is suspected to have defiled the girl on March 29, this year in Irabi village in Budaka.
The First Lady and Minister for Karamoja Affairs Janet Museveni has appreciated Ms Ahuuna Eziakonwa Onochie, the outgoing UNDP Resident Representative and UN Coordinator in Uganda, for the good working relations she has enabled between Government and UN Agencies.
In this dot com world with nude dressing codes,God should help to lead away our leaders from temptations.
The project is aimed at controlling HIV/AIDS by creating awareness through the game of cricket in addition to organizing mini festivals across the country.
· Add the salty water to the ghee and stir until the ghee changes colour from yellow to white.
As Uganda approaches the 2016 general elections, Heads of European Union (EU) missions to Kampala have called for peace, calm, harmony and social cohesion.
Searching for a way to use her talents as a dancer and inspire the community around her, Melea rents a failing theater in order to put on a Hip-Hop Romeo and Juliet performance.
The New Vision is with Abwooli John Paul Bikwasiroha and Batur Bellandon.
How can they bann coins when we have coins of 1000.
Ugandans hold sh256b in Swiss accounts: THE amount is three and a half times what Uganda expects in general bu.
⚽ Victory over #SheffUtd has lifted #ManUtd to within two points of fourth-placed #Chelsea.
Buy a copy or subscribe for a digital version, go to;http://bit.
But its like the government has forgetn the power of BUNYORI .
We are doing a reprint on order.
Trouble is I have failed to move on and instead I want to get married to my boyfriend.
We’Ve got a little Christmas treat for the parents this festive season.
The New Vision is with Nakibuule Fausta and 2 others.
Also reuniting after a breakup can be so heavy on the flowery words and apologies and promises, that you can just assume this person will obviously do what they say (spoiler alert: if they haven’t before, they likely won’t now.
The New Vision is with Dk Allan.
Nssf money would be given 2 da owners in case they lose their jobs or fall sick, but uganda wiz its leadership z very corrupt and un fair 2 say dat some1 has 2 make 55 be4 claiming 4 da NSSF money.
Wakula said that engaging in fornication and excessive drinking of alcohol will reign Christians into disaster.
When I tried to share with him the challenges I fi nd in taking care of the family’s financial needs alone, he said he felt that I was blaming him for our predicament.
The west funded the war to the end, got nothing, China that Armed the North became the darling walking away with oil deals, military deals with other government to government deals.
Sheikh Kayongo, 83, died last week in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania where he had gone to join fellow top Muslim leaders for a convention.
The New Vision is with Dicque Zues and 2 others.
can be easily converted is near enough to othe4 big towns.
They are filling in candidates as the opposition promised to boycott the elections, so they need to justify that they won an election by creating someone to compete with.
What are you trying to portray to us the public?
After acquiring worldwide fame and becoming rich instantly, one would expect Olympic gold medalist Stephen Kiprotich to concetrate on his personal achievements and projects.
She is a doctor by profession and a musician.
Burkina Faso's army said Monday that troops had killed around 10 'terrorists' in security operations following the deadliest massacre in the country's six-year jihadist insurgency.
Details in the Saturday Vision today #EPAPER- https://epaper.
Corona virus is rupturing the country but this so called gvt never took even a single measure.
He told New Vision that Bayo had been bedridden at the Mulago Cancer Institute for six months.
🚘🚧 The six-day maintenance works on the Kampala-Jinja highway have begun, so expect diversions.
The New Vision is with Deo Agaba and 2 others.
Paddy Ankunda said the team led by UPDF chief of medical services, Dr. James Makumbi, includes four pathologists, two Police experts and Jolly Ngabirano, the deceased’s sister.
A religious leader Rev.
Twenty months after Moses Ainebyoona was murdered by political rivals, his killers are still walking free.
Reasonable force is justified under reasonable circumstances.
But dont you know ingredients of murder?
Power distributor Umeme Limited says it has connected 125,000 new customers to the grid from January until November 2021.
“We want a one-stop centre to have a specialized unit with all the required expertise to be able to handle all cases.
Kampala Lord Mayor Erias Lukwago has picked DP’s Sarah Kanyike as his Deputy.
For them,they are contented with what they're.
The authority hopes works on the Moroto-Nakapiripirit roads will commence next month after the award of the contract.
President John Dramani of #Ghana 3rd regional Head of State arrives on #BurkinaFaso to meet military ruler.
Panic spread as the huge snake wound itself around Dutta's neck, forcing him to struggle to free himself from its vice-like grip.
He ooks rice with Irish potatoes and beef.
The New Vision is with Bukenya Magidu and Jameson Labu.
Do you wonder why we did not win as many medals as we always do?
Like the Middle East Facebook page here.
Hakainde Hichilema polled 49 percent.
Cranes assemble tomorrow for Uganda - Zambia game.
Grab yourself a copy of Saturday Vision for more stories.
The number of people killed in an explosion and in clashes between militiamen and locals in a town east of Tripoli has risen to 40, an official said on Wednesday.
Did you sayKisaasi Round-bout?
Liken love to the oxygen mask on a plane.
Those funny deaths due to human organs disappearance!
#Breakingnews: #UPC party President Olara Otunnu involved in a accident along Kitgum-Gulu road.
I would not rejoice over another mans death, never.
Those were reserved for future & any activities the institutions could implement .
You have heard some lazy Ugandans ".
The results of African Education, you read books until your mad, while whites are tought how to make money.
What Kahinda says is convincing and believable.
New Vision's on line division has made several gaffes but this one surely takes the cake.
Fetishes were discovered in a senior managers office at the National Forestry Authority last eveining.
He says they have sufficient intelligence and details of each of the terrorists involved.
The NRM Parliamentary caucus has approved proposals tabled by the minister for Presidency and Kampala, Frank Tumwebaze, that the Lord Mayor be elected from city councillors or division mayors.
Tomorrow is #FathersDay and each one of us has a father in their lives, whether biological or foster.
Previously, up to 1,500 in-patients at the hospital were fed with plain porridge for breakfast and posho (maize meal) and beans for lunch and dinner.
Archbishop Stanley Ntagali says he will retire on March1, 2020, when he clocks 65 years as per the Church constitution.
Grab yourself a copy of the New Vision right now https://vpg.
About one year into our marriage, my husband started acting weird.
Find out how, in today’s New Vision.
Happy mothers' day to all women.
Rosa is the CEO and President of the Whitaker Group, a Washington, D.C.-based consultancy specializing in trade and investment in Africa.
Tumwebaze Laban , Mothercare Preparatory School.
"I believe if you keep your faith, you keep your trust, you keep the right attitude, if you're grateful, you'll see God open up new doors".
Get a free copy in Sunday Vision for More #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Why did the choppers avoid established Kenyan Air Force bases?
There can be no peace without justice and respect for human rights.
Uganda could be having more than 70% of infection rate right now especially here in Kampala.
The metropolitan’s body has learnt that several people have been defrauded of their money by persons claiming to be employees of the Authority.
Pastor Wilson Bugembe has mourned the passing of Pastor Gideon Mulinde and described his loss as a big one to the next generation.
Muruli said Kadaga is not a threat in any way and the Government had bigger issues such as terrorism, insurgency and economic problems to attend to and, therefore, cannot divert its meagre resources and personnel on trailing Kadaga.
And in wic condition anywy?
Richard Air France has always been there.
I thought he had gone for burrial, archiBishop tewazise?
But will dey demand this month salary?
Vice-President, Edward Ssekandi, has denied bribing rival Democratic Party's Jude Mbabali after the latter withdrew an election petition.
President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni arrives to a resounding welcome.
As a 21st-century teenager getting a glimpse of the real world through my job shadowing experience, I can safely say that my persona has been sufficiently challenged.
Septic tank murder: Police still gathering evidence.
The New Vision is with Wiz SkinnyPromoter and 2 others.
Only 1 day she is a dead meat.
That's what opposition political parties are recommending.
I am so confused and on the verge of sabotaging my marriage and I need help.
A MAN yesterday walked to a Kampala Police station and allegedly confessed setting ablaze the Kasubi Tombs, a renowned world heritage site.
have the courage to follow your own heart and intuition.
19 new cases are truck drivers who arrived via Elegu and Busia while 4 cases are contacts to previously confirmed truck drivers.
Police have deployed heavily at the Uganda Institute of Allied Health and Management at the main referral Hospital Mulago to avert chaos by the students.
"Government is handling resettlement through a Cabinet sub-committee which will be resettling between 10,000 and 50,000 people every year away from the steep slopes of Mt.
The late Rodah Kawamara who died at the age of 90 years, succumbed to hypertension and diabetes, according to Rev.
The school's infrastructure is dilapidated with no useable latrine available for 593 pupils.
It was at d interest of d nation & may b africa at large but not islam based.
This foundation needs someone with clout and respect to lead it, he may not be neccesssarily a Ugandan but one who thinks outside the box.
Hundreds of mourners thronged Kikandwa village in Mukono district to send off General Katumba Wamala's daughter, Brenda Nantongo.
Who is up for Valentine’s Day in the wild?
Did you know that Kabaka Ronald Muwenda Mutebi II is the longest-serving Kabaka of Buganda since the founding of the kingdom by Kato Kintu in the 11th century?
#Tanzania orders citizens from the East African Member states of Uganda, Rwanda, Kenya and Burundi out of Tanzania considered as illegal migrants out.
Results from Saturday's vote were expected to trickle into Abuja after being collated at the state and local levels.
Gossip in Uganda Airlines bedroom!
Mozambique'S aviation authorities in Maputo said they had been informed of the discovery, but were yet to receive the item.
The New Vision is with Joannah Jollyn Jojo and 33 others.
Find out in INDI VISION inside today's paper-https://vpg.
I believe even the contestants did not reject gay votes eishh!
The corrupt are more secure online.
Uganda should still improve after Afcon 2013 results versus Zambia when the new rankings come out first week of next month.
Dialogue is the best solution”.
The cost of data alone is pretty high.
"Help us and tell government to increase our funding from the current sh100b to at least sh200b," he said.
Under the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the child (UNCR) ratified by Uganda government in 1992.
The New Vision is with Kebirungi Angellah and Mwikyo.
My dad is a perfectionist, so whatever he does is always perfect.
16 And he took the children in his arms, placed his hands on them and blessed them.
The U.N. human rights chief, Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein, said Friday that Burundi is on the brink of a sudden escalation of violence to "massive proportions".
Minister of Security Gen.
Why Us not ug.
St. John Paul II (1978–2005): 26 years, 5 months and 18 days (9,665 days).
Kino sikyejyo banange, gano maziga genyini olwemberembi.
The New Vision is with AJ Jussy and 2 others.
Muhammad Ali has died at the age of 74, a family spokesman has said.
If students are not well sensitised about this Biogas project, the detractors may turn round and incite students to strike over relating food to faecal material.
Farmers trained on how to grow crops without using soil (hydroponic farming).
He reportedly rents it at sh500,000 per month and a bed worth shs6.
The visitors are level through captain Wes Morgan, who heads in Matt James' corner.
The Committee on Statutory Authorities and State Enterprises (COSASE) has written summons to the Finance minister, the Accountant General, Director Privatisation Unit and Secretary to Treasury to explain dubious expenditures queried in the Auditor General’s report.
63 Are you good in bed ?
But the Police warns that no one should open/step in a bar or football bibandas.
Parenting tip: Be vigilant about safety.
Am advocating fo Mityana ad being central enough.
Get an E-copy here http://epaper.
The 74-year-old legendary singer and songwriter is famous for Pentecostal church anthems such as Ancient Of Days, I See The Lord, Mourning Into Dancing and Hallelujah to the King of Kings.
Ooooh God help us and save us from this.
⚽️ LA LIGA IS BACK!
Not a beast to be feared.
A top flight thug has been arrested by the Police.
this nation needs Jesus.
Roman Catholic bishops sponsoring vital talks to seek a peaceful outcome to Democratic Republic of Congo's mounting political crisis on Wednesday said a deal must be reached "before Christmas".
The New Vision is with Ariyana Gerrard.
However, someone may take advantage of your kindness now in a way that could harden your softheartedness if you let it.
Police is investigating the circumstances under which a retired UPDF army officer was murdered by unknown assailants and his body dumped in a swamp.
The New Vision is with Arinaitwe Rose and 4 others.
Searchers saw two "relatively big" objects with "many white smaller ones scattered within a radius of several kilometres", Xinhua news agency said.
Finance minister Matia Kasaija has appealed to Ugandans to go for Covid-19 vaccination saying it’s safe and the only way to aid the economy to recovery.
Thieves trying to please omukulu.
The New Vision added 7 new photos — at Kyadondo Rugby Club.
I hope it doesn't not ashame you to put it right on the face to say FDC triumphed over 15 nrm billion, voter bribery and the highest level of intimidation known in any by-election.
Badru Kiggundu has met presidential aspirants at the Electoral Commissions headquarters to distinguish between rallies and consultation meetings.
350B TO MOBILE LIBRARY.
Our only hope for a medal?
Ugandan police force has refuted reports appearing in a section of Kenyan media that its officers beat up their counterparts on Migingo Island, a piece of land that is the centre of a row between the two east African countries.
Dignity, (d minority of d gayz & some pipo) america.
Entebbe Road jam packed by enthusiastic revelers who want to catch a glimpse of the Pope.
#Nvchristmaswish: Annet Katunywane, mother to Daniella Matovu and she is a single mother.
That is like saying if I don't decide then other people will have to.
If you look at what you don’t have in life, you’ll never have enough.
Father'S Day is a celebration honoring fathers and celebrating fatherhood, paternal bonds, and the influence of fathers in society.
i thk proper investigation haz 2 be made.
Parliament has passed a sh1.
Government should become more vigilant this might be work of rebel with kampala.
“We are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided”.
Special parliament session for Stephen Kiprotich on.
Uganda People’s Congress (UPC) party boss, Dr. Olara Otunnu has vowed to stay on as party president despite calls for him to step down.
Hello brothers and sisters in Uganda, am here to share my story with u today and comfort those who think life has ended.
"I would like to reiterate the position of our government on this issue.
The latest edition of the Kampala sun is out.
Nature removes those who disturb it.
This is according to the Buganda Deputy Information .
Let M7 pay for them since he introduced the system.
Grab a free copy inside the New Vision-https://vpg.
Trust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding.
Kenneth Akampulira a casual labourer reportedly found the girl around their compound playing, before he pounced on her.
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 ln Uganda ?
⚽️ #FACUP: Will 🔵#Chelsea beat a wounded 🔴#Liverpool tonight?
Shine brightly through us so that all that come across us today may feel your presence in us.
Good work done by upf.
Singh Katongole, Godfrey Nyakana & Capt.
Museveni said the country currently has 5, 000 tractors, which are not enough to match the urgent need for mechanisation of agriculture.
Just IN: An airliner on an internal flight in Libya has been hijacked and diverted to Malta where it landed on Friday, Maltese media reported.
<span data-v-7b4932f6="">Yunus Ssentamu plundered four goals while Caesar Manzoki struck twice.
He breathed his last on February 25, 2014 as they rushed him from his home in Naguru to Mulago hospital.
we are totally disappointed by our mps and the speaker.
<P><Em>The ministry has advised individuals in the priority groups and those eligible for the second dose to show up at Kololo for vaccination.
Mi can't blame since its in dat region n they always say.
Court rejects cross-examination of Prof.
He had to drop out of medical school to pursue photography.
✍️ During the #COVID19 lockdown, the violence experienced by children was almost equal to their lifetime experience of violence, reports AfriChild Center.
2005: Condoleezza Rice is sworn in as U.S. Secretary of State, becoming the first African American woman to hold the post.
The Bank thanks the medical team at Nakasero hospital as well as everyone else who has extended generous support to the Governor.
We can't restore any friendship now.
The New Vision is with Acom Victoria and 2 others.
Police are still holding a Mulago Hospital pathologist, Dr. Sylvester Onzivua after his arrest on Tuesday at Entebbe Airport while taking body samples of fallen MP Cerinah Nebanda to South Africa for forensic investigations.
Find the details in the today's paper -vpg.
World and Olympic Champion Stephen Kiprotich will be out to challenge a list of top runners, after being invited for the New York Marathon for the second year running.
Why would you favour foreighner yet we're not favoured in their country?
I will make almost the same in Gulu.
I have arrested him,” Kaweesi said.
Perhaps you make a face, furrow your brows, or smile here and there.
Olupapula lwa Bukedde ne New Vision nazo z’ezikulembedde mu mpapula z’Oluganda n”olungereza mu nsiike y’okuweereza amawulire, okusinziira ku kunoonyereza okwakoleddwa kkampuni ya Synovate.
Do you think this meeting will create lasting peace in the region?
But she never got there.
He was able to see the confusion that kingdoms would bring and he had to abolish it!
Vision Group is giving u a chance advertise your skills free-of-charge.
Grab yourself a copy of today's New Vision #EPAPER via -.
The New Vision is with Kevin Anyumel.
The news comes as Britain's royal family gather at the sovereign's private Sandringham country estate in Norfolk, eastern England, for their traditional Christmas get-together.
The former r 2 gd in every field.
The former New Vision Editor in Chief shares his insights into the Uganda of 30 years ago, the violence and the rebuilding of the fractured country.
Guyz anyways thats watz we call leadership strategies in politics & he z rite to do it & last his gavmen.
Your date will not be interested and it can make things feel awkward between you.
198km course as perfect with minimal challenges ahead of their race.
Hail them, the institutions they claim to have reinstated!
Check out and like Pakasa Vision for the story of Ben Mugasha, proprietor of BEMUGA Forwarders Limited.
Dollar inflows from commodity exporters, portfolio investors and charities helped the Uganda shilling close the week a touch stronger at 3535 / 3545 per dollar, versus the day’s opening of 3540 / 3540.
Should he have kept it a secret?
But just wait and see how this thing is going to be inflated!
Jan Vertonghen is the hit man.
President Yoweri Museveni has clarified that government took a deliberate decision to dedicate much of the resources under the National Agricultural Advisory Services (NAADS) to the procurement and distribution of cash crops.
I am tired of being humiliated.
A 16-year-old boy in Japan was arrested Saturday after he confessed to killing his mother by repeatedly striking her head with a hammer and stabbing her several times, police said.
how humanly they r!
Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity or pain.
"I haven't seen John Akii-Bua personally but the memories are there.
Striker Fernandao dies in helicopter crash 3 DAYS TO GO.
A total of 114 Universal primary schools and 36 markets in Kampala and Wakiso districts have received Covid-19 preventive items to support the prevention of coronavirus in high risk areas.
if you become the new vision Group CEO we may have headlines like.
u dnt evn have bling bling on yo finger!
Mpeketoni death toll hits 27 after more bodies were retrieved in bushes over a 10 kilometer radius.
I hear that I am sorry, this has been the very way you rig for the dictator since.
Two cases of the drug have been seen by Arizona drug officials in the past week.
The building had stalled for over 40 years.
Aimed at eradicating corruption and poverty.
I have played with some of them in the same clubs and majority play in the PSL (South Africa Premier League)…There is no need to underrate them because they have quality players,"Details 👉https://bit.
Prime Minister Dr Ruhakana Rugunda is in Kigali, Rwanda to represent President Yoweri Museveni at the Transform Africa Summit.
In PAKASA, we bring to you the mayor of Mukono Municipality George Fred Kagimu who built his economic empire worth billions of shillings.
Nowadays ,Bank of Uganda's objectiity is questionable.
The proponents are clearly anti Christ.
, am surprised that this guy is on the loose, this guy murdered an innocent citizen last yr.
Memories of the great live to last,rest in peace HON.
The New Vision is with Ndyatunga Reagan.
Thank you for all you have given us, for we are truly blessed.
The New Vision is with Kibet Denis Dieno.
See more at: .
Editor, please take some coffee and get back to yo desk yo head is confused with minister Mutuuzo pulling issues.
The mountain that Cranes have to climb.
Nssf: SAVERS GET 15% INTEREST .
But y is it dat moslems donot condem such acts by their brothers.
Details in the NEW VISION newspaper Monday.
Former minister of administrative structures and permanent secretary in the Idi Amin government, Mary Astles Senkatuka was laid to rest Tuesday evening at Nalusoga, off Gayaza road.
What abt the lethal striker Dan Sserenkuma?
Who is your Team?
Sometimes making time for yourself means taking a vacation and shutting work completely off.
He is fighting to retain the Neverland home.
Patrick Ogwang in the Covidex case.
Mutabazi said social media usage raises new concerns such as privacy, data protection, hate speech and incitement.
Mukono Police have arrested one person in connection to the death of Buyaga Member of Parliament Barnabas Tinkasimire's wife, Agnes Ageno Tinkasimire.
President Museveni has hailed the "spirit of hard work and patriotism" of all health practitioners who are at the heart of #Uganda's fight against the #coronavirus pandemic.
-What will opposition look like in 2021?
Gulu city gets sh1.
The local hospital reported 13 dead and two in intensive care, but the head of Search and Rescue, said 30 bodies had been counted in the flaming wreckage.
Parents having a drink of ajon with their children in Kamugoya village, Kagulu subcounty, Buyende district.
Lukwago on Wednesday suspended the meetings citing interference by JenniferMusisi.
google.com instead of google.com.
The two who have been getting suspiciously comfortable with each other seemed to share a mutual feeling.
He also stands out as mechanic for other European brands of vehicles like Volkswagen, Benz, and BMW.
As the months and years roll on, we tend to slink into our proverbial sweatpants and get lazy in our relationship.
This Sunday we bring you a full investigation & more intriguing stories.
Her accomplice, Meddie Ssentogo, a city socialite was also convicted of conspiring to defraud the company.
Best news channel Uganda.
Whether yes or no, why?
He also revealed how the rebel group is operating a vibrant recruitment cell in Kampala city and other part of the country.
Politicians and civil society activists have reacted on the recent Electoral Commission (EC) roadmap to be followed in 2021 general elections.
The injured Ugandans were identified as Maj.
4% in 2004 to 7.
What'S the causality of young presidents in Africa.
Saying you are sorry that a person feels badly, is not saying you are sorry for WHAT you did that resulted in the person feeling badly.
People gossip about her and even abuse her in my presence.
Did you ever come back from lunch and fought to stay awake a few hours later, wondering how to survive the afternoon then onward.
How do you expect hungry pupils to play?
It is alleged that they harbor unknown people.
“The promoter has not yet agreed on the figure I am demanding and if this is not done, I will not be in the ring,” Tugume said.
Holy Spirit fill us & lead our ways as we go about today.
#Arsenal are playing an extra 30 minutes after regular time against #Olympiacos.
Every body does according 2 his/her stomach(ebyo bwenkanya byagwawodda, kati Uganda ejudde bayaye bokka) when the leaders get what to eat, they 4get others thinking that they have their special journey 2 heaven.
President Museveni: There so many people whom I would have killed because they annoyed me.
The campaign that was launched at The Holy Family Catholic Parish, Namayumba in Wakiso District last January is part of the story-telling campaign to make the Christians aware of the jubilee celebrations for the 22 Uganda Martyrs since they were canonised.
The New Vision added 105 new photos — with Robert Barasa.
Victory for 🇺🇬#Uganda today will lift them to the top of the log, of course depending on the result from the other group game between Burkina Faso and South Sudan.
So there has been no deputies, ever since they started killing people?
Get a copy of the New Vision at https://vpg.
That way any changes in the body are sent directly to the farm owner’s phone as a short message for action.
World famous Kasubi Tombs were last night destroyed by a fire.
See more in the Sunday Vision-https://vpg.
The Look At Me Now singer suffered a non-epileptic seizure early on Friday morning while he was working in a Los Angeles studio.
MPs Mariam Nalubega (Butambala Woman) Gerald Karuhanga (Youth Western), Lulume Bayigga (Buikwe South) and Gilbert Oulanyah (Kilak) said Kamba should drop the case.
I am so proud of and in love with my show and what I do.
Another 37 people were killed across Uttar Pradesh, Jharkand and Madhya Pradesh states, according to figures compiled by local disaster management authorities.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
People can't die like flies.
so borrowing has no problem if the loans are properly used.
Four Bulgarian nationals convicted of forging ATM cards belonging to Stanbic Bank customers and their pin numbers have appealed to High Court against 20-year-jail sentence.
The New Vision updated their status.
Listen to your heart.
Good work Olwoch, I'm proud of you.
🤝 Police, prosecution and CSOs agree to work as a team against trafficking in persons as well as to push for a special budget to deal with cases on trafficking.
Bategeka 3732 & Kajura 1652.
The New Vision is with Paul Maina.
Shall we see some magic from the maestro?
Come up with packages that fit local pockets.
Manchester United's Louis van Gaal has praised his players for battling to a derby win just three days after taking on Liverpool at Old Trafford.
Kampala University student Winnie Nanyondo led team Uganda to an individual podium sweep and a team gold as they dominated the World University Cross Country championships at Entebbe golf course over the weekend.
Kiprotich had since triumphing at the 2013 World Championships in Moscow failed to make it to the top four in three marathons.
"Happiness quite unshared can scarcely be called happiness; it has no taste".
Nssf has sh27b in suspense accounts.
Don'T be surprised seeing a police officer spreading tear gas, every where there law breakers but it depends how you use it.
I was also part of the press unit of the NRM team for their newsletter.
Why are they not developing their own?
K. Museveni in his capacity as the National chairman of NRM, has appointed Vision Group's Mr Don Wanyama as his Special media assistant in the office of the National Chairman of NRM.
They are right, if they suspect foul-play.
#Breaking: Camilla's brother Mark Shand; The #Duchess of #Cornwall's brother has died in a #NewYork hospital after falling outside a nightclub.
Renowned literary critic and historian George Saintsbury in 1894 declared it the “most perfect, the most characteristic, the most eminently quintessential of its author’s works,” and Eudora Welty in the twentieth century described it as “irresistible and as nearly flawless as any fiction could be”.
"Trauma compromises most of the victims we [CSOs] meet," says Annette Kirabira, country director of Rahab Uganda during a dialogue with judicial officers in #Kampala.
No plea was taken.
Spurs have to deal with Wolfsberger.
We have so many young men who have better skills.
To all you fathers out there, we celebrate you!
The United States is preparing for talks with Russia that could start within weeks, as Western powers accuse Moscow of continuing a major troop build-up on the border with Ukraine.
“But for our bodies, the most precious thing we have, we wait for symptoms.
I have never cheated on him, but I recently discovered nude pictures of him and another girl having sex when I borrowed his phone.
you have distabalised bosco's seat.
Not only that but also collection gifts during funeral services ?
Hmmmmmm u will only be a president wen Besigye is gone.
According to Dr Herbert Mukasa, the Principal of YMCA Comprehensive Institute, Wandegeya, Dr Jjumba died suddenly.
President Paul Kagame speaking in #Switzerland.
Oh God help our nation!
The much awaited activity has been set for Friday March, 02 2018 -- see more at: https://goo.
Wever she proposed that such conferences will be scaled down to regions and districts.
Names of the successful applicants are published on the UNRA website (www.
Some were wearing collars, suggesting they may be stolen pets.
to them they think they are so smart and are solving a problem yet they are just destroying .
As wireless telecom companies gathered in Barcelona this week at the Mobile World Congress, the sector's biggest trade fair, specialists in "e-health" said healthcare is fast shifting into the connected sphere.
Mourinho, 50, replaces Rafael Benitez after leaving Real Madrid, and has signed a four-year contract.
Let him make his own money, he is also a man.
He was sentenced to five years in prison.
The New Vision is with Martin Mugizi and Kiiza Emmanuel.
LIONS Presidents, Tugumisirize Jotham (Kampala central ), Enock Matovu (Entebbe municipality), Deepa Verma (Kampala host) and Margaret Wamweta(Kampala city lions) were installed during dinner held at Hotel Africana and Entebbe at Sanctum.
Heavy police and military deployment on the streets.
As you head into the new year, let’s help you be the best parent you can be.
7b investment in the capital Juba.
In Ibanda district we destroyed those useless matooke species.
Moments after Pope Benedict announced plans to resign as Bishop of Rome at the end of the month, lightning struck close to the dome of St Peter's Basilica at the Vatican on February 11, 2013.
Jim Muhwezi who is also the Rukungiri district NRM chairperson has explained that the NRM MPs endorsed President Yoweri Museveni in time to be the party flag bearer in the 2016 elections early enough to stem the greed of some Party members who were eyeing the post.
Please keep us as the apple of the eye and hide us under the shadow of thy wings.
U evil people shd all be killed.
Aged 27, Arinaitwe succumbed to brain tumour on Wednesday at Nakasero Hospital, where she was admitted three weeks ago.
‘Fufa has now won 13 cases filed against us.
Embattled former National Social Security Fund managing director Chandi Jamwa has been arrested.
Is Europe waking up from it's long sleep?
Pope Francis on Saturday urged dialogue on both personal and political levels as he celebrated a second Christmas under the shadow of a coronavirus pandemic.
Hundreds of people, many of them lined up since before dawn, began filling the square where "El Comandante" gave many of his most famous marathon speeches, filing past a black-and-white picture of the father of the country's 1959 revolution.
The boy identified as Paddy Ankunda, was attacked by the chimpanzee as he was walking along the forest in Kibale National Park in the afternoon together with a colleague identified as Amos Tukundane, 13.
The Forum for Democratic Change today elects the flag-bearer for next year’s presidential elections.
'S try to work en achieve what we want.
Help us to boldly seize and pursue all the opportunities that You bring our way.
The MPs’ concerns follow a media report in Saturday Vision on November 9, where Museveni promised to grant Indians a tribe status on top of promising them land,.
those MPs represent thousands of civilians who are ready to bust.
In such a case corruption will never end.
So its up to u 2 see dat you wrk hard but not 2 wait 2 see who is wrking hard!
The teen has been a common sight along Nabirumba -Kamuli road en route to pick her ARV's from the hospital and back to her home.
President Museveni arrives for the official launch of Galaxy International School of Uganda, moments ago in Lubowa along Entebbe road.
he cured me of my diseases and am so happy and so pleased to Write about him today.
Album Speaker Kadaga Golfing.
They advocate for policies that aim at conserving and preserving Uganda's natural resources like forests, extractives and water bodies.
Even when we export more power the government will cry of no money.
Kayihura sanctions: Lawyers seek US talks.
Minister Aidah Nantaba speaks out on foiled assassination.
#Sportsupdate: #Ugandan international Striker Geoffrey #Massa strikes a lucrative deal with a South African club where he will be moving to from Northern #Cyprus side Yenicami Agdelen SK.
Vision Group’s Chief Executive Officer, Robert Kabushenga confirmed the dates on Thursday, shortly after an agreement signing ceremony with Henk Jan Bakker, the Ambassador of the Netherlands to Uganda.
Find out why the EC boss and opposition leader clashed.
The Cranes played to one-all draw with Zimbabwe on Wednesday to finish third in Group D with two points, following another draw in their opening game with Mali.
How many goals did that boot score!
Exclusive: Ugandan gold medalist talks to veteran track and field writer James Bakama.
By Henry MukasaNAKASONGOLA district will be sub-divided to create a second constituency, President Yoweri Museveni has said.
What is in the country?
Whether you have study hall together or live together, handwritten notes are personal touches in today’s highly digital world.
And campaigns are going on in the presence of schools closer!
When you remember, you feel pain.
47% against the greenback as demand continues to outstrip supply, trader’s note that the trend may carry on through the week.
Singers Mowzey Radio and Lillian Mbabazi have probably been the most unstable couple in Uganda’s entertainment history.
Its half time, Liverpool 0 - Real Madrid 0.
Countries that have so far arrived for competition.
Germany are under fierce pressure going into a crucial Euro 2020 game against Portugal on Saturday as world champions France look to clinch a place in the last 16 and Spain chase a first win.
In the Democratic Republic of Congo, the Bana Mura militia committed rape, sexual abuse and kidnapping, while the Kamuina Nsapu militia recruited and used children.
Let me know before I answer.
“Mafabi has failed to unite the opposition in Parliament.
The removal of social interaction with teachers and peers leaves some learners struggling.
Folorunsho Alakija; a Nigerian fashion designer and oil tycoon, Isabel Dos Santos; an Angolan investor and the daughter of Angolan President, Eduardo Dos Santos and Mama Ngina Kenyatta; widow of Kenya’s first President.
Tufuude This hakuna mchezo will not allow the poor to remain in the city.
President Yoweri Museveni on Sunday held a meeting with the executives of Bridgin Foundation who are currently in Uganda to carry out groundwork on the establishment of a proposed skills creation centre for high technology in the country.
The Omusinga was meant to travel to Kasese to pay the last respect to his mother, Christine Biira Mukirania, and to perform befitting cultural rituals.
The M23 group declared an end to its military campaign on Tuesday in the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo and said it would seek political talks after Congolese troops, backed by a U.N. force, routed them from their last hideouts.
5kgs of pangolin scales valued at $178,000 and $500 respectively at Entebbe International Airport.
Ov cos he hd dilutd d name of d team, kt hm go man-u wz abov hm i tink.
Jurgen Klopp will be happy with his side's immediate impetus.
Bankers convicted of fraud in #Vietnam facing execution by firing squad.
Liverpool go top of Premier League but will rue Crystal Palace's amazing comeback from a three goal deficit to draw 3-3.
Dp President, Norbert Mao said that the age (70) that was recently celebrated by the first family is different from the age of 74 that is known to them.
UN leader Ban Ki-moon condemned on February 12 what he said was the use of cluster bombs in the war in South Sudan, a day after the opening of peace talks between South Sudan's government and rebels.
Live FEED on the Malaysia Airlines tragedy.
Find out who is remaining.
Where are their bodies?
Thnx 4 da newz,parents must take dis advise as usually.
Beatrice Anywar's car has been involved in an accident on Kitgum Rd.
this generation owned by the wise, learnt, educated youth has to be careful when giving speeches or else the elders will feel as if abused.
Will the odds favor Cranes for World Cup?
Bake in preheated oven for 35 minutes, or until golden brown.
The New Vision is with Mbabazi Saufa.
However, a surge in provisions for bad debts could mean more pain is yet to come.
The New Vision is in Gulu, Uganda.
I told those fools that one day, sun will shine in their dark corners and they will be exposed to the world.
What happened to the civil engineering faculty of MUK?
The men of the cloth nonetheless expressed discomfort at the number of worshippers that the President allowed congregating.
Y learn nothing n forget nothing.
but soon they will know.
"The police found the mast at her station, statements were recorded and after a month you say there was no evidence, this must be a joke"!
Like Pakasa Vision for more of such stories.
I have a problem in the bedroom department, I don't enjoy sex.
What ar really Uganda Cranes problem?
How has he come this far?
Karim Kiryowa, the 12-yr-old helpless street kid that passes out stool through his stomach, has gone missing.
MUTEKANGA Julius will come in Heat 7 in next 15 minutes.
Evacuation is underway and Police is urging the media to be sensitive to the security operation and keep off.
With Your One Sided Analysis Of Events?
The New Vision is with Mpyangu Isima.
He wants Kariisa to pay him damages amounting to $350,000 (about sh962,500,000) for the pain he put him in.
To avoid this possibility, you could “switch up how heavy you’re lifting, your tempo of an exercise, your rep/set count, or what time of the day you’re lifting.
Future has withdrawn his lawsuit against ex Ciara, after he was given joint custody of their son Future Jr in May.
전쟁을 원하느냐 평화를 원하느냐 물어보라!
State Minister for Tourism Godfrey Kiwanda is facing four rivals.
The head of Russia’s Investigative Committee, Aleksandr Bastrykin, has called for the creation of an international coalition of states to fight the “dictatorship” imposed by the US on the rest of the world, and to reject the use the US dollar as a reserve currency.
The overhaul of the goods shed will cover the entire 24 acre site and will be executed in two phases.
It seems u old vision people lack what to say!
Photos by Esther Namirimu.
Call the toll free no.
Who created Corona virus?
Our salary was not even a tenth of what legislators get today".
In Sunday Xtra,We bring tips on parenting this holiday,Lifestyle stories and more.
President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi said his country reserved the right to "punish these murderers" as he called a meeting of security chiefs and declared seven days of mourning after the video was distributed by jihadists on social media.
Sickle cell disease is an inherited blood disorder in which the body creates sickle-shaped red blood cells, affecting blood flow in cells and organs.
“I gave her my ATM card, to withdraw at least sh150,000 out of the sh360,000 I earn per month, from my account so as to take care of my child,” said Azaru.
The findings published in the New England Journal of Medicine show that the vaccine named ‘RTS,S’ or ‘Mosquirix’ showed a low protection among infants aged six to 12 weeks who were vaccinated with the drug.
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
but with a single figure drop,nothing to write and praise about in as far as the economy mtters are concerned.
Talking about our problems is our greatest addiction.
At least 12 districts depend on River Rwizi for water, for both domestic & commercial use.
Way to take responsibility smart one.
- Captain Mike Mukula, MP Soroti Municipality, on backing out of the 2016 Presidential race.
A 50-year-old woman has been arrested by Police in Tororo in connection with the murder of her husband over sh1000.
he killed northerners too weaken them after him realising that these guys had potential pple to take control of uganda.
Some thinking that they will get free money from the government as a condition to leave the forests.
The Police in Kagadi are holding a Parents Teachers Association (PTA) Chairperson of Mpefu Parents Primary school on two counts of alleged aggravated defilement and impregnating a 14 year old Primary Seven Pupil.
The central bank has been ordered to account for 0ver 20 missing properties.
What is your favourite quote from South African anti-apartheid icon Desmond Tutu?
I have complained several times but in vain.
We are approaching half time at Fratton Park.
- Richard Musaazi, a digital forensic investigator bit.
It is important because you have “to ensure that your body never gets adapted to what is coming next”.
He is the sixth person suspected to have died from the disease since it was reported earlier this month.
Reach out u realy deserve the name cause u've reached out 2the most valunarable in the dipest &helped the dieying sauls may u remain with a x-stian heart.
What should be done to curb the vice?
Had a baby her husband and family denied access.
But this MBA holder had 2 quit a job to pursue his dream.
Dr Bosa is proving himself to be another boofon because of the 100m received !
Get a copy in the New Vision #EPAPER -https://vpg.
Key NOTE SPEAKER: Hon.
Katandika butandisi ali wala sembe.
Carol Natukunda and Titus Kakembo bring you real life stories of facing death in the digital age.
So we still expect the regime to be having like 2.
entertainment network would follow her for an eight-part series entitled "Mariah's World".
JB Walusimbi, the Ssabalangira, Moses Kayima & Omutaka Nakirembeka.
Besides that, you are married with your family and it's high time you shift to your own home.
Bishop Stuart University have joined the drive to raise funds for the refurbishment of Namugongo and Munyonyo Martyrs shrines ahead of the Pope's visit.
What you did not know about Kiprotich: Kiprotich the Ugandan, Kiprotich the Kenyan.
Do YOU KNOW YOUR CONDOM SIZE?
We bring you his story in Pakasa Vision today, only in the The New Vision.
Obama offered the handshake before taking the stage to give his speech at the ceremony, in a new sign of his willingness to reach out to US enemies, a US official told AFP.
Mbarara district has so far registered three cases of the disease which has wreaked havoc in other districts such as Kasese where over 150 people, mostly children are reported to have been infected.
Traffic along Kampala-Jinja Highway Friday morning came to a standstill for hours following a night accident which claimed 5 lives at Mabira forest, in Buikwe district.
A guard attached to Maj Juma Seiko shot dead two men and injured one at 3am Sunday morning hours, at the army man's residence in the plush city suburb of Nakasero.
My Lord Upload You Blessing Scan Your Problems And Delete Your Worries.
Abdu katuntu & hon.
Half-Time: Uganda 1 Zambia 0.
We need those guys more than they need us !
The High Court in Kampala has quashed the suspension of Nandala Mafabi as chairman of the Bugisu Co-operative Union board, on grounds that the registrar of cooperative societies acted unlawfully: http://ow.
Government doubles funding for political parties.
44secs in Heat 5, women's 50 freestyle.
#Urbantoday: What is the truth about Bobi Wine's academic papers?
Combine yoghurt, cucumber and cumin in a bowl.
Choppers are hovering low above the mall and gunshots heard.
Armed gunmen stormed Kenya's Garissa University early on Thursday, with explosions and gunfire rocking the campus lying some 150 kilometres (90 miles) from the border of war-torn Somalia, police said.
President Donald Trump issued an ominous warning to Iran on Sunday, suggesting that if the Islamic republic attacks American interests, it will be destroyed.
Sgt Obua Isaac of military police Makindye has just killed 7 people.
Then she got children.
Opiru’S death brings to 22, the number of people who have committed suicide in Gulu district alone since January, according to the cases reported at the Gulu Central Police Station.
The Government has approved reforms that will have all civil servants employed on contract, in a move aimed at doing away with laziness and improving service delivery, but are there guarantees that if civil servants are placed on contract employment things will get better?
According to a Twitter post by Umeme, power will be off until 5pm today (Monday, December 13).
Greed is destroying democratic process in Africa.
Uganda will host next year's CANA zone 3 and 4 swimming champions as worthy hosts after putting up a fantastic display at the same championships in Zambia last week.
The head of Iran's judiciary has granted Christian prisoners 10 days' liberty to spend the holidays with families, in a rare move towards the minority community.
The National Unity Platform party has finally resolved the need to conduct party primaries in hotly contested areas.
The ones hurt are the Democrats.
The dollar rallied against emerging currencies in Asia Tuesday as Chinese trade data showing an import slump fuelled anxiety about slower growth of the region's largest economy.
It is fun time 🙌🤟.
The New Vision is with EmpressLouet May Hall-Aidara and Shakah ATwiine Mbaine.
It also won't come out as nagging.
President Yoweri Museveni has held a meeting with the United Nations Secretary General’s Special Envoy for Burundi, Michael Kafando and his delegation with whom the President discussed issues pertaining to the mediation peace process and security of Burundi.
Officials from the National Drug Authority carrying out a field inspection visit were left bewildered when they checked into a clinic and fouund the nurse making out with a patient in the treatment room.
There are over 3.
But inmates still smuggle in knives, drugs and other illegal items.
Following an appeal by the UNRA ED Allen Kagina, China Railway 7th Group has donated 88 anti–bacterial mattresses to support Ministry of Health in the #COVID19UG fight.
What are the procedures for referring a teacher who has had a big impact in the line of education.
Fire has gutted a boy’s dormitory at the Islamic Institute Madarsa Tahfiz Ul-Quran in Bugembe town council Jinja district destroying property worth millions of money.
How someone can take this bravery too far.
Title condenders are arsenal and liverpool the rest i dont know them.
We have a tasty Merseyside derby coming up tonight at 8:30pm.
Have any questions about #Uganda's iconic attire, the gomesi?
Kitaka said a code of conduct has also been developed for the taxis and is being harmonized.
The deceased were killed in a foiled robbery mission.
They told me I was too dark for TV.
Nansamba plants a romatic look on sexy; hubby Kiwanuka as Rev.
During a question-and-answer session with an audience at the Facebook headquarters in Northern California, available online Friday, Zuckerberg gave a thumbs-down to the idea of a button to register disdain for posts at the social network.
It is the story of Pretty.
No one wanted to talk to me.
All his phones are password-protected.
After schools were closed in March, Kisakye found herself out of job and unable pay rent, water and electricity bills.
All is set for the virtual celebrations of the Uganda Martyrs Day on Thursday June 3, 2021.
Mutebi had last been in Uganda in 1976 for 10 days and before that, in 1972 for the burial of his father, Sir Edward Mutesa II.
Find out what Lord Mayor Erias Lukwago will earn in the new pay structure in Saturday Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Let mouse spoil this pigs wepon.
The New Vision is with Perric Denic and Zephania Obbo.
Eid Mubarak to all our Muslim friends.
The situation in the Central African Republic has been chaotic since March, when rebels overthrew President Francois Bozize.
“Usually, one group overpowers the other.
The 2019 Teachers Making a Difference Competition was launched recently in Kampala with the lead partner, the Irish Embassy, raising their sponsorship package to over sh200m.
So the woman was married to property?
Funny eenuf to hold a ugandan flag, and wwhen theres a kenya Airways plane.
The Police in Kampala is holding two men over stealing 15 goats and transporting them in a taxi.
Beer breweries have warned that imposing excise tax on beer and spirits made from local and imported raw materials will lead to prices increase.
Lord,We thank you that no matter what we may face today, with your help we will be able to endure.
Tension is brewing in the Anglican diocese of Kitgum after its bishop, Benjamin Ojwang warned the province of the Church of Uganda that his retirement would contravene both canon and labour laws.
In a circular spelling out tough conditions for offering higher education, the education watchdog said tertiary institutions that will not have upgraded their provisional licenses will be closed without further notice.
She had a baby.
In his report for the financial year 2010/11, the Auditor General lays bare not only a string of accountability and procurement flaws, but also the near condemned buildings housing Uganda’s missions abroad.
Grab a copy of today's New Vision for answers.
ly/2YrQ20b Like our Facebook Page: Facebook: h..
A good ‘no’ should always include an explanation.
The search committee that completed its work last week dropped Nuwagaba together with Dr. Tonny Oyana, an associate professor at Southern Illinois University in the US, from the final list.
The Executive director of Uganda Investment Authoriry, Jolly Kabuhangire refuses to vacate office following her suspension.
Seek and he will.
Our Parenting/Family column shares parenting advice from parenting experts and counselors.
Vision Group CEO Robert Kabushenga notes that this year’s edition will focus on Finance as part of efforts to help people’s businesses to grow.
I am the second born and I clocked 30 years in January this year.
Share with us which topics people are discussing in your hood.
Murdoch'S Fox group said in a statement "that it has reached agreement with Sky plc on the terms of a recommended pre-conditional cash offer" to buy the rest of the European pay broadcaster, beyond the 39 percent it already owns.
Only Swimming and kick-boxing are cleared so far.
When Maria Nambajjwe boarded a taxi in Kyebando, a city suburb, two weeks ago, she was heading to her home in Kansanga, another suburb.
This thing is known by untouchables!
He explained that President Museveni is allowed at Namboole with his security detail because the law entails him as a Head of State.
Imagine how much forex is earned from mere seeing an elephant!
We have over 180 job opportunities.
Students remain idle as teachers go on strike.
Infanticide, child abandonment and abuse - the Ugandan media is full of the stories.
Vision Group will today hand over a sh257m cheque to athlete Stephen Kiprotich as a reward for winning gold at the London 2012 Olympic Games.
Corruption should be a campaign priority in the 2016 elections.
London - World athletics chief Sebastian Coe has defended his sport's approach to anti-doping, insisting it was far more "proactive" than "protective" despite a drugs scandal he accepted had caused "irreparable damage".
City businessman Hassan Basajjabalaba has told MPs that he does not owe Government any money.
Former oil executive Justin Welby has been named as the next Archbishop of Canterbury, the spiritual head of the world's Anglicans, in a move aimed at healing schisms over gay and female bishops.
Uncornfirmed reports state local singer Iryn Namubiru has been arrested in Japan.
Uganda is using the G652 type whereas it should be using .
The New Vision added a new photo — at Sheraton Kampala Hotel.
On one faithful day, as I was browsing through the internet, I came across several of testimonies about Dr Idisi.
The schedule shows that Kenyatta and Ruto will be required to be at the Dutch-based court concurrently from November 12 to December 13, despite concerns being raised against their being away at the same time.
Felix Kulayigye is now the new Chief Political Commissar.
Uganda to start manufacturing vaccines.
The musician, whose real name is Sean Combs, used the title in a teaser video for his latest single.
Villagers in north-eastern Kenya out-ran and captured two cheetahs they accused of killing their goats.
File PHOTO: FIFA President #Blatter & Jordan's Prince Hussein hold a joint news conference in Amman May 26, 2014.
'I have been a leader for 60 years and I have never taken anything from a friend or in-law.
Vision Group's Susan Nsibirwa gives intro marks and thanks just about everybody.
Kiprotich, Uganda’s first Olympic champion in 40 years was rewarded at a grand function at Vision Group headquarters on Friday.
what a good Xmas party for our children.
People who are joining Uganda Police Force and Parliament should undergo psychiatric assessment to check their mental health status, an expert has proposed.
Prince Harry has warned Australians against taking a "selfie" with him during his one-month stint Down Under, saying he much prefers normal photographs.
I have asked what he plans to invest in and in what time-frame and he never gives a clear answer.
Nobel Peace Prize to be announced in 5 minutes!
Resist the impulse to be punitive.
The festivities are here and it is about that time of the year where we get to treat ourselves to new foods or something that we have restrained ourselves from enjoying throughout the year for one reason or another.
We don't receive it for ourselves alone but to build one another in faith.
Today'S Front Page of The NEW VISION.
Presidential update on #Covid19 in Uganda.
He has been training now for a month at Pacify Hotel and Gym in Wakaliga.
To help our economy to bounce back and reduce the effect of Covid-19 on the economy the government has made vaccines available and free across the country.
Uganda'S response to the epidemic, spearheaded by H.E President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni, has been marked with high political commitment at various levels, openness about HIV/AIDS that enhanced behavior change communication interventions, unprecedented support from international development partners and action from sectors of government and civil society.
State Attorney, Doreen Elimu told court that the investigations into the case were still on-going.
It has emerged that Police detectives have recorded five cases of assault and malicious damage against American national Christopher Thomas, the former husband to Princess Ruth Komuntale.
after return of Amisom soldiers under the command of Olum, at Kaweweta recently.
Our on mp sentence over family care.
Grab your copy of The Sunday Vision for details.
Transform my thoughts and let me understand how marvelously you made me.
Cake to mark 60 years since the establishment of Nakivale Refugee Settlement in Isingiro District.
A supporter kissing Gen Buhari's poster.
In INFRASTRUCTURE : JUNCTIONS UPGRADE TO CURE CITY JAM.
The search for the body of a fisherman who drowned in Lake Kyoga, Serere district five days ago has so far yielded nothing.
Confirmed global coronavirus cases pass 25 million.
The New Vision is with Kitimbo Latif and 5 others.
They are all from one mother, except in Tanzania, Kenya, Somalia, SA.
Climate change has been found to be an all time hoax.
These are just anonymous statements to cover up real thieves.
That is a lie.
Their mother, Annie, forbade Persephone to date, even though she was already 18.
They should not touch on it.
We bring you their story in our Intimate section.
Spain is seeking the arrest of General Emmanuel Karenzi Karake, a key figure in the regime of President Paul Kagame, on terrorism charges related to alleged crimes during the 1994 Rwanda conflict, the source said.
Katanga or canan land?
When it comes to giving out items Ugandan children are segregated into government and private.
Was it not open before.
as if they are stones.
Rwenzururu kingdom has suffered another setback, in addition to inability to have their king.
Presenting a paper titled: legacy at URA and challenges at UNRA, Kagina defended the on-going restructuring in the roads authority saying change is good.
According to Mulyagonja, the challenges that lies ahead of her and the inspectorate of Government is that, the public does not understand what corruption is and the public’s role to fight it”.
This is a year of success!
How about men who are killed by women?
Jesus Christ of Nazarene come and save the world.
Pm Amama Mbabazi explains why Uganda is quitting Somalia http://j.
Is this, in your opinion, relevant?
Next will be ashes of the destroyed building missing .
This clinic located in Namuwongo, Kampala, has its signpost illegally placed in the road, an area whose road reserve has houses and a makeshift market.
The New Vision is with Benard Musyoki and Salvation Moi.
An ex-CIA employee who leaked details of US top-secret phone and internet surveillance has disappeared from his hotel in Hong Kong.
Police in Kampala city have launched a massive clamp down on boda boda's carrying more than a passengers or animals.
bt we can make it peaceful by accepting our fate.
The dean of health sciences faculty at Victoria University in Kampala, Prof.
Head of State House Anti-corruption Unit Edith Nakalema said forensic experts should be trained to handle elusive corruption.
When I caught up with him recently, it was not in the environs of Rwebisengo.
Plus making ugandans to hate NRM .
And that is it for all but one of today's games!
The New Vision is with Tyaba Mustafa Paperloving and Bisaso Afrikana Mujuni.
Simple things look simple but very difficult for people in AC offices.
Hostages released and hijackers have surrendered.
Add to the bowl with the vegetables and mix well.
Fauzia Najjemba and Juliet Nalukenge have been industrious so far for the home team, who have to score today to stand a chance of moving on.
-Find out how long this business has been going and what one is required of in exchange of a wife, apart from the buying fee.
City Bishop David Kiganda is set to walk down the aisle tomorrow with his fiancée Cindy Kalonga, in the Hatfield town of Harare, Zimbabwe.
Microsoft today appointed Hyderabad-born Satya Nadella as Chief Executive Officer and member of the Board of Directors effective immediately.
For more call +27738951830 Munil Saleh and whats-app for free reading.
Fdc rift deepens as senior NEC member quits.
The 10 Winners of the award will visit South Korea to see Samsung, LG and other tech industries says.
Still a long way to go.
For all their faults and problems, and they were legion, the PAMs brought much needed respectability to the industry.
Allah is Ghaful Rahim !
For reportedly meting out violence to a female traffic Police officer on duty, parliamentarians have asked Government to recall Maj.
First #ATM in #Mogadishu.
The National Resistance Movement has rolled out a new strategy.
Justice Lameck Mukasa denied Kalungi, who had presented three sureties in court, bail on grounds that he may interfere with prosecution witnesses who are currently testifying at Makindye Court.
Results are yet to be announced.
😭 Details of the death of the former Uganda Cranes skipper have yet to be established.
The Ministry of Lands, Housing and Urban Development has drawn up a physical development plan for the Jinja, Kampala and Entebbe area, aimed at ensuring orderly development.
Four months after UN ex-serviceman Derrick Coggon, who owned 4 Turkeys bar in Entebbe, was gunned down on March 9, a woman has come up claiming the late Coggon left her with a new born baby.
Get a free copy of SWAGG in Saturday Vision #EPAPER- https://epaper.
Besigye was arrested Monday in downtown Kampala in his attempt to address vendors at Kiseka market.
Below, I share my experience about the role of the External Wing in Nairobi and its contribution to the liberation war.
Police RAID REFINERY, SEIZE 3.
Robert will speak to corporates and SMEs at 3:30pm.
"I thank the President for entrusting me with the vice-presidency.
See details in today's paper- https://vpg.
President Uhuru's Mom is one of the three women are among the 55 richest people in Africa, according to Ventures magazine.
Heavenly Father, thank You for last night and the beautiful day ahead.
# UN General Assembly President; Sam Kuteesa robbed off Shs600 million.
The prince has vowed to completely shave off his hair if Robert Kabushenga beats him in the race.
Happy birthday Keron, you would have been 14 today.
"Even though no German funds are affected (by the scandal), I have ordered that Germany, in unison with other aid donors, withhold payment of budget aid," German International Development Minister Dirk Niebel said.
Register YOUR CREW TODAY at all Vision Group offices & Distribution points nationwide.
Always doing them can create unfair expectations.
Always looking for what to blame.
Find out why the DPP has dropped cases against fugitive senior cop Siraje Bakaleke.
The Kibuli based Muslim faction has named Sheik Siliman Kasule Ndirangwa the new Supreme Mufti, replacing Sheik Zubair Kayongo who passed on this year in April at Agha Khan Hospital in Tanzania.
Liars , we ve taken milk since childhood, we re now 40 years without any effect.
Oil rich equatorial Guinea has done us proud.
Some affected communities are not accessible.
I alwez enjoyed his Sayings, sounded almost deliberately comedic but with Substance.
Did you report high scale bribery during NRM primaries?
The New Vision is with Naluyimbazi Vicki and 5 others.
Kasirye Ggwanga has not ceased.
Announcing the declaration from Kagadi hospital where the epidemic was first reported, the State Minister for Health in Charge of Primary Health Care Sarah Opendi Acheng appealed to all countries with travel bans on Uganda to lift them to enable free movement of people.
Hunger forces two COVID-19 patients to escape from ICU in Arua.
Authorities say Love-Robinson used the checking account information from one of his clients to pay off more than $34,000 in car payments.
"I have mixed feelings because it seems like I'm profiting from the death of my daughter," who died aged 25 in July, leaving behind a month-old baby, he said.
New Vision, you are free to smear Robert Amsterdam as much as possible, bse its your dirty job; defending dictator M7.
That'S very little money.
The New Vision is with Erich Mboowa.
The New Vision is with Turyaheebwa Rauben Bazarwa and 2 others.
But some host countries are having none of it.
Not Access The East African Free Travel, Let The Voterz Cards Be Used Only During Electionz.
Photo of Canadian PM Harper being briefed by Police in secure location after Ottawa shootings.
Uganda can now detect and avert disaster, months before it occurs, Hilary Onek, the Minister for relief, disaster preparedness and refugees, has said.
Publish the names and charge a reasonable pickup fees.
Grandma advised me to mostly eat stuffs like pasted meat, greens and much fruits to live healthier.
The New Vision added 22 new photos — with Katerega Yobu and 14 others at Busiika.
No longer accepting maize as school fees, signs Store Keeper.
The prosecutor Patricia Cingitho has informed the magistrate, Robert Mukanza that inquiries into the matter are complete and that the state is ready to commit the accused persons to the High Court for trial.
The New Vision is with MD Robbs Abima.
Is it the lugave thing.
The suit accuses Google of violating privacy law.
Despite President Yoweri Museveni commissioning the railway last year, transportation of cargo along that route is minimal, if nonexistent at all.
Meanwhile, be the first to like our page Pakasa Vision & leave your contacts for a chance to attend in person.
Chuck Berry known to be the rock 'n' roll pioneer breathed his last on Saturday at his home outside St. Louis.
You are not there and you don't have any idea of what transpired.
✍️🏾 by Onesmus Kansiime | bit.
An Indian soldier who survived being trapped under 25 feet (8 metres) of snow for six days after being caught in an avalanche died in hospital on Thursday.
Mukiga get da fools.
Urban Television NOW available on DSTV, Go-TV , Star times, Azam, Zuku and Signet.
Dafin Auma, 19, a resident of Teso Bar in Adyel division, Lira municipality was arrested on July 27 after stealing a three-year-old girl from their home in Angwetangwet.
The Police has raided Hotel Kaanos Complex, in Mbale city where Amuriat and his team had retired after conversing for votes in Bugisu sub-region.
"He repeated his call to all Muslim clerics to desist from turning pulpits into political stands, noting that whoever does so will be sowing seeds of insecurity," the statement read.
He rushed forward and was able to grab one of her legs – leaving her dangling over the drop below with her trousers half pulled off.
They subdued children and directed them to a future!
Kayihura calls for more protection of women, details of this story in the New Vision.
The medicines and health delivery monitoring unit under State House has arrested Richard Kigoye Goloba, 30, over allegations that he impersonated Mulago Hospital staff and prescribed medicine to an Endometritis patient yet he is not a qualified surgeon.
Earlier: Fire guts Moka Energy, a fuel station in Kitala along Entebbe road.
A court in Guatemala sentenced two men to 200 years in prison each for murdering two teenagers they contacted via Facebook, a judicial source said Saturday.
You'Re also more likely to get bags under your eyes sooner.
If you look at what you have in life, you’ll always have more.
The lecturers are demanding for a 100% pay rise.
Time has come where present leaders lack political shrewdness instead of packaging it in another way u deem to accept with besigye that is loss of credibility anyway 30yrs are enough for u to go whether we fear for lives death is in foreseen eventuality change must come in all ways.
"There was no place for an overzealous morality that denies pleasure.
A Burundian journalist, his wife and their two children were shot dead by security forces in a flashpoint district of the capital Bujumbura amid tensions following the re-election of President Pierre Nkurunziza, residents said Wednesday.
ly/3d9JfMx some career women share their work from home experiences.
Residents are appealing to the ministry of disaster preparedness for immediate rescue.
Many supposed deadlines have already been missed, as the EU chief admitted.
📹 In this week's edition, we take you through the subject of Internet of Things.
After securing the NUP flag for the #Kampala Lord Mayor race, Nabilah Naggayi Sempala set off to the Electoral Commission office in Ntinda for official nomination, reports Stuart Yiga.
Bule is reported to have gone missing on Saturday night after the incident occurred at their home in Maganjo A zone, Kawempe division in Kampala.
Third Wolrd politics is equivalent to prostitutes without designated "work "places scrambling for customers.
Find the answers in a 4-part series in New Vision starting today until Sunday, December 5, 2021.
He slaughtered the animal and buried the meat after realizing that his act had been noticed.
The Mukono resident state attorney has asked court to pass criminal summons against Maj.
Stop PORTRAYING THE AFRICAN CHILD AS PITIFUL-First Lady.
"Imagine after such deep silence that is when somebody comes up and shocks you with a roadmap.
Even with the skyrocketing bus fares, people are scrambling for the buses.
The Kampala businessman was arrested at Entebbe International Airport on Tuesday as he allegedly attempted to sneak out of the country after learning that the police were pursuing him.
Us diplomat says Burundian President Pierre Nkurunziza is "violating the Arusha accords".
New Vision has the story.
, if u a powerful go n attack usa instead ov fello afrkns!
"We couldn't find the telling pass, or clever play in the final third that makes the difference.
End time is about!
May good and faithful friends be yours wherever you may roam.
#Abettertomorrow: For Stanbic Bank, supporting the construction of Karuma Dam isn't just about building a dam, it's about the electricity that will power 360,000 homes so that children across Uganda can do homework at night.
“I will never forgive the security minister, Gen.
Read full story in today's paper--https://vpg.
Lately, the East African Community (EAC) heads of state have been walking the talk of the integration of the regional bloc.
It was all action and fighting for a life time chance as Team Uganda, which was made up by players from Roofings went to Nairobi to take part in the regional Standard Charted Bank Road to Anfield qualifiers at Kenya School of Monetary Studies in Thika.
Rwise we may produce half baked Doctors who cant work outside uganda.
"Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow," A. P. J. Abdul Kalam.
At the time I joined University, I used to hear that Makerere Dept of Statistics, used to be engaged to support other Government Agencies in processing big volume of data (please correct me if am wrong).
I have cheated on her several times; although she found out, she has forgiven me each time.
I don't understand why?
The Director of Medical Services in Uganda Police Force, Dr Moses Byaruhanga has told Parliament that his boss, the Inspector General Police, Martins Okoth Ochola is not ill.
#Urbancrossfire: Can Uganda hold peaceful elections with only 33 days left to go?
Your family, friends, and familiar routine are what you should be focused on.
Follow these steps using Mobile Money or Airtel Money.
A huge miss from Higuain on 20 mins, when clean through.
Yes i support the ban but u NEMA u fear the so called #bayindi.
They are a common sight and you could have seen him on a daily basis in their different uniforms, some armed, some not, going about their duties at various sentry points, mainly on private installations and buildings-providing security.
Fellow ugandans, welcome to the New battlefield ; THE CYBER WAREFARE: how prepared are we?
Deadline: August 31, 2018.
It is advantage #Everton in the Merseyside derby!
They included contemporary dancehall artiste Ragga Dee alias Daniel Kazibwe, gospel musician and senior pastor Judith Babirye and Radio West comedian Robert Mugabe alias Kakyebezi.
5000 vendors from the different markets in Kampala are set to benefit from the mosquito net distribution campaign by the Ministry of Health.
This and more stories.
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.
Scientists have discovered that the brains of teenagers with serious behavioral problems have developed differently from the average person in society, meaning they could suffer from a genuine psychiatric disorder.
To pick the ultimate iPod playlist, think about what gets you going.
Create your own surveys for free.
Updf recruitment: Several turned away for having scars, tattoos and missing teeth.
Zhengjun’s lawyer Yunus Kasirivu told court that he was in touch with the police during the suspect’s man hunt for the past two weeks but the suspect has not yet been found and his mobile phone is off.
Rwandan president, Paul Kagame, is in Kampala for the Seventh Commonwealth local governments conference (CLGC).
Where is da 7% if we really want 2 transform da lives of da common man?
High school junior Twinkle Mehra’s ultimate dream is to become a great filmmaker.
#Kenyaterror Update: 3 Women rescued and more are still holed up inside #Westgate More Updates coming.
Buganda Road Court grade one magistrate, Joan Aciro has charged and remanded an American national, Ryan Andrew Gustafson to Luzira Prison for allegedly dealing in fake dollars.
It can't be unwanted pregnancies, because they go for sex while knowing the results.
808bn refunded money by the prime minister’s office.
If men also decide not to date broke girls, my sister, given your financial status, will you get a man?
The Markets Bill 2021 seeks to outlaw the subletting of shops and any spaces without prior permission from allocation committees.
At least they just deserted him.
#Urbanupdates: The Opposition Democratic Party President Norbert Mao wants the Electoral Commission to engage all stakeholders before implementing the revised 2021 Elections Roadmap.
Es the story coordinate with the picture shown?
Anthony Ndegwa, CEO of CBA Uganda Limited will be the keynote speaker at the Marketers Society discussing monitoring and measuring marketing effectiveness.
The World Health Organisation (WHO), has warned that, with all focus directed at containing Covid-19, over 80million children under the age of one are likely to die from measles, polio and diphtheria.
Pakasa: What is minister Seninde’s retirement plan.
Namuddu will be the first Ugandan model to represent Uganda in the Top Model UK Competition in London.
I wish you the best.
2022 FIFA World Cup Qualifiers | Uganda vs Mali.
"The Forum's theme (Shaping Inclusive Growth and Shared Futures in the Fourth Industrial Revolution), is timely".
U.S. President Barack Obama promised one of Cuba's most prominent dissident groups he would raise the issues of freedom of speech and assembly with Cuban President Raul Castro during his March 20-22 visit to the Caribbean island.
The Uganda Land Alliance (ULA) has observed that unfair government policies and ignorance of land rights and values have escalated the problem of land grabbing by investors in the country.
The more tickets you buy, the greater your chances of winning, so get your family & friends to join in.
Obviously, helping others in need is a worthy cause and motivates you to live your life in a loving manner.
The Kyambogo University Council directed the Vice Chancellor Prof Isaiah Omolo Ndiege to resume duty, in tandem with the recent high court ruling.
a case between the US & China.
Listen to our reporters' take on the week-long event.
Gov'T policies don't favour aviation for instance don't expect to keep instructors while paying them with current public service salary scale.
Adam Barugahare was arrested and has since been charged with reckless driving and causing death and injuries to people.
Get your copy of Sunday Vision now.
Mugabe to Zimbabweans: "Don't be like Kenya and Nigeria where you must dip into your pocket to get anything done".
Remember she came from URA.
Is that how these MPs got Omicron?
When style and fashion meet beauty!
Commended Uganda for the role it continues to play in promoting equitable utilization of River Nile.
Get your copy here #EPAPER-https://vpg.
For the love of money this IS they tend to give people some stupid money and they end up recruiting you so dont be surprised one day seeing a ugandan among them.
In a frank meeting held Monday, Irish ambassador Anne Webster made it clear the Irish Government expects the funds to be repaid.
✓New ExCo meeting and election of the Vice Chairperson.
Take Pictures and share your favourite Uganda Cranes Moments.
The #HarvestmoneyExpo kicks off TOMORROW!
Sickle cell patients present with anaemia, acute pain, body swellings and persistent infections.
People walked to their workplaces.
Sometimes things have to get worse for people to wake up and then begin on a rather difficult process to recover what they have lost.
Today'S Saturday Vision leads with a story on Kyadondo East MP Robert Kyagulanyi's foreign lawyer.
Article 121 of the 1995 Constitution says through the advisory committee of Prerogative of mercy, the President is mandated to exercise his power to release prisoners.
I’d been the bread winner for the past two years, until he got work in August last year, however I still pay all the bills, although we share the rent bill.
And FYI USA military budget is over 600 bn US dollars and the next spender to that is Russia with just over 80 bn.
The islamic attires are incredibly good.
Gathoth Gatkuoth liberated Nasir town from pro-government forces at dawn.
An Ebola scare has hit Kasese District following a case in which a boy, 5, got a fever and abdominal fever.
Jjajja nga anyuma nga tayambadde kisaati Kya white or yellow.
8 percent in June, according to the Uganda Bureau of Statistics.
Will Amama join DP?
Check out & like the Pakasa Vision page for more.
He gave himself some land in Mubende.
Australian researchers have found the substance that will make condoms much stronger and thinner, and it's none other than…grass!
Felix Kulayigye condemned the killing, saying Rwakihembo will be arraigned before the Court Martial next week.
The New Vision is with Otuna Ti Timo.
This chic is crazy!
I'Ve been in a relationship for 3 years.
Districts to pay councillors for?
Answers in next week's Oil and Gas pullout.
Opm staff face 11 cases over scam .
I THINK IT'S MORE IMPORTANT IF YOU INFORMED US ABT FATE OF OUR GALLANTS POLICE OFFICERS WHO WERE MURDERED IN THE LINE OF DUTY, TELL US THE BURIAL ARRANGEMENTS, WATS THE FATE OF THE FAMILIES LEFT BEHIND, ENOUGH OF THE UPDATES ON THE TERRORISTS PUT OUT OF ACTION.
Four Egypt ministers quit Morsi cabinet.
God bless our Country.
Just change these snaps man.
Police will today auction the two ‘parliament pigs’ to the members of the public who are willing to buy them.
Is this the same case in your neighbourhood?
#Qz8501: Two parts of AirAsia plane found; Controversy over route, officials say it was not sanctioned!
New Vision on Monday brings to you over seven pages of employment opportunities.
New Vision on Monday brings to you hundreds of employment opportunities that may change your life dramatically.
Talk to yo lady abt how you feel.
“You have to be able to center yourself, to let all of your emotions go.
In PAKASA: HOW TAMALE STARTED HIS EMPIRE OF SECOND-HAND GOODS.
The huge fireball could be seen in areas around Abuja.
#Libya attack destroys 90% of #Tripoli airport jets.
"We have got very strong, armed security forces and we have got the support of the people".
"Your attitude is like a box of crayons that color your world.
The New Vision is with Viduka Julius Schenaider.
Calling for sensitization of bishops on the benefits of Islamic banking is what educated people at New Vision call "Attacking Bishops"?
They included two girls and four males.
It's smaller, quieter and much more portable than the original PS4.
The Police have talked to Zigy Wyne’s family on his death.
God must be seen.
that peasants shouldnt send their children for this training because their cant afford to fly their kids abroad?
I have faith that God is living out a divine plan through me.
The president was officiating the opening of the $125 million steel rolling plant in Namanve industrial park.
Floods paralyse Kampala traffic after heavy afternoon downpour http://see.
The New Vision is with John Chris.
What had been a day everyone had anticipated so much turned into one to forget in a twist of events when a bride collapsed and died at her own reception.
The New Vision added 8 new photos — with Hellen Sika and 3 others in Chatsworth Indian Township, Kwazulu-Natal, South Africa.
A report in local daily ‘Gulf Today’ named the lady as Sarah Melona Namwanje.
Montgomery crossed state lines with the child and told her unsuspecting husband, who believed she herself was pregnant, that the baby was hers.
The headteacher of Swaria primary school in Soroti city, Nathan Paul Olupot, has vowed to send back pupils who will come to school while not wearing face masks.
Confirmed: #AirAsia flight #QZ8501 - Search official confirms that debris in Java Sea is from missing plane.
Do you think #🇺🇬Uganda is ready for 5G technology?
Enock Musinguzi, a resident of Kololo, an upscale city suburb, has sued the National Environmental Management Authority (NEMA) and Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) over noise pollution.
"Officers attended and, during engagement with the man, it is understood a Taser was discharged," the IPCC said in a statement.
Sh frm uganda,kati kamukirabe evn in yo own country.
How does blogging add value to our country when these same bloggers tarnish Uganda's name to the would be tourists and investors?
Thousands of pilgrims from across the globe Monday flocked Namugongo Martyrs Shrine to celebrate Martyrs Day.
Defense minister Lt Gen Jamaleldin Omar, who has died of a heart attack in #SouthSudan, was one of the members of the military Council that assumed power following the ousting of Omar al-Bashir last year.
Two Ugandans have been honored in London in recognition to the country’s wildlife conservation efforts.
City Abattoir Development Association Lufula traders storm Court.
#Harvestmoneyexpo continues on Sunday.
This brings the total number to 9 cases.
From when I was about 10 years old, my sister started teaching me housework.
Are these wild yams?
Stamping, writing or marking on Uganda's National Currency is illegal.
The Fat in Them Can Help You Absorb Nutrients From Plant Foods.
Universal Primary Education schools in and around Kampala can now have their pupils play football after they received 1000 footballs from Pemba Sports Africa at Namboole on Thursday.
“Happening now:The Police Spokesperson CP @FredEnanga1 addressing the media at Police headquarters Naguru, on the security master plan ahead of the New Year celebrations”.
I wish Gen Muntu and the LOP Wafula Oguttu best of luck.
Not all there are convicts.
Naira if you load 750naira credit…….
I wonder when ugandan nurses are going to learn to implement basic hygiene routines and use gloves!
The Deputy Speaker of Parliament, Jacob Oulanyah has allayed the fears of Parliamentarians at the European Parliament, on the state of affairs in Uganda following the recently concluded Presidential and Parliamentary Elections in Uganda.
Am just waiting another time ,i will be first to register.
"Happy Valentines to my wife Sumaya and our daughter Hana - Love," Malik.
A curfew was imposed in Juba when fighting broke out in December.
Have a blessed Sunday everyone.
Read about how Sebunza, who worked at his father’s workshop through his teenage years, turned his father’s collapsing company around in Pakasa today.
For God and My Country!
Be thankful you had them because they only make you to grow stronger and wiser.
Lava cascaded down the Philippines' most active volcano on Wednesday as authorities rushed to evacuate thousands ahead of a possible deadly eruption.
“Hard work spotlights the character of people: some turn up their sleeves, some turn up their noses, and some don't turn up at all”.
Since Lottie has dreamed of becoming a princess and Ellie longs to be ordinary, a perfect switch is devised.
Even in developed countries people vend in the cities.
A new modern Uganda under M7 direction!
The Reds ( Liverpool F.C) have 75percent chances of winning the English Premier League Trophy this season as the close contenders_ Manchester City drop vital points through losing matches_Klopp big up.
“Those of us with impatient wives are in trouble because they are going to leave us,” one man lamented http://see.
Government has dismissed as false, claims of a ploy to assassinate people said to be opposed to the "Muhoozi succession project" as a figment of Gen.
Former Principal Judge and chairman Judicial Service Commission, Rtd.
Magara family members are unhappy with the progress of the investigations.
Much as they are the ones who collect money, MPs have questions on URA’s sh105b.
The first son must be great performer at work,coz he has never missed on the list of officers 2be promoted!
Lack of money is lack of friends; if you have money at your disposal, every dog and goat will claim to be related to you.
Who do you think will win?
Nrm top boss has defied Museveni and resolved to back Bobi Wine in Kyadondo East polls.
The band which boasts of a Grammy Award for best reggae album came with all its members and spent the night at Sheraton Hotel and will travel to Jinja today.
"There is a chance they came into contact with foreigners or touched passports".
The African Leadership Institute (AFLI) and the Uganda Management Institute (UMI) have started a guild leaders’ scorecard for higher institutions of learning including universities and tertiary institutions.
In those heads of the officials that came up with that idea is a Greed button that is on full time .
Why leaving your skin alone is important.
The NBA, NFL and NHL are scrambling to keep teams competing, even as COVID case rates skyrocket in the United States and Canada due to the Omicron variant.
He'S aguably one of the most successful and young leaders Africa has.
Soul Ochestra at Namirembe on boxing day.
The launch which was among others witnessed by the the First Lady who is also the Minister of Education and Sports, Mrs Janet Museveni took place at Booma grounds.
A British pilot has died in Tanzania after his helicopter was downed by elephant poachers, the charity he worked for said Saturday.
Find out what he did to get his people out of poverty.
And the only way to do great work is to love what you do.
How can I respectfully handle this with my father?
Peace be with u,Ugandans.
5 million children in Uganda aged between three and five who should undergo pre-primary education, only 700,000 children are enrolled.
In a totally "don't-care" attitude.
Kids gain a sense of self-worth by volunteering in the community.
Secondly continue in peaceful ways to resist the white man's neocolonialism tactics and concentrate on developing Africans as a whole without discrimination.
Ed manually, since few decades they're mechanised !
The New Vision is with Atim Amina and 3 others.
The pair shared a warm embrace, before heading to a hotel where America's first black president met more members of his extended family for dinner.
Heat oil in a saucepan over medium heat.
F**K the world,where is uganda heading?
If we can defeat the stigma of this disease we would have won because people would be taking care of themselves like having any other disease and would take precautions not to spread it to others.
Last week, The deputy Speaker of Parliament, Jacob Oulanyah apologised to Parliament and the country.
He is not battling anything this guy is smart, a lawyer and a city born.
I'Ll show 10 people how to earn $8,000 in 48 hours, but you will pay me 10% of your profit when you receive it.
The Launch of the NRM Manifesto 2016-2021 will be starting at 2pm at Imperial Royale Hotel In Kampala.
Readers, Check out this story as told by a whistle blower/witness of a corrupt system, big fish mentioned!
Yesterday, the representatives of the delegations attended a press conference that was addressed by the chief facilitator Dr. Kiyonga, who is also the minister of defence.
Over 200 clan leaders of the defunct Ankole Kingdom have asked government to restore the cultural institution; this after the first Nkore Cultural General Assembly was held since 1967.
The New Vision added 14 new photos.
Here are some of the pictures from the event.
I also encourage my fellow Ugandans to make use of the why (that is got from theory in the school) and produce technology instead of focussing mostly on the how(the skills got without books) God being our helper, we can use science and #technology to develop Uganda.
, albeit inverted: Her heroine, Nina Lazare, is a rich Harvard grad struggling through her first year of teaching in a tough local high school.
Kajubi was jailed in 2012 for masterminding the ritual murder of 12-year-old Joseph Kasirye.
It is not enough to say, “Your room is messy”.
““Every day, between 5:30pm and 7:00pm, Vision Group will avail the experts to highlight the standards and how one can penetrate the markets,” Kabushenga said.
I've waited for this moment for a very long time.
They are free of M7 curses that's why they are winning.
Muhoozi Kainerugaba, has praised the former Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) deputy president Nuwe Amanya Mushega as a great man.
The New Vision is with Iden Morisha.
President Yoweri Museveni has said he is willing to withdraw soldiers deployed to curb illegal fishing activities on Ugandan lakes as long as the fishermen can commit to protecting the water resources.
<P><Em>Since its first detection in South Africa in November, the heavily mutated variant has been reported  in several countries.
south of Ahmedabad on August 25, 2013.
The body of Brig.
Do we have a shortage of sugar?
Rip Musumba, Muyenga, Kayondo, and others, Kitalo nyo.
Does it mean that after every confirmed, the president has to address the nation?
#Worldcup2014: In the coming battle between German and Portugal, a camel has made a prediction and thinks Portugal will beat German in the coming match.
He was interacting with Nosi Kekana - Amolo (mother of twins) as her sister-in-law Jane Otieno looks on in the Hotel InterContinental parking yard in Nairobi yesterday.
See you at Kirinya branch on Thursday and you can watch the TV show on Saturday!
<P>Kipruto, a two-time world champion whose preparations have been overshadowed by sex assault allegations and poor form, pulled out of the final after only two laps, in the race won by Leonard Bett.
Margaret Zziwa handed over the money in cash on behalf of the assembly.
A new heroin-like drug that rots the flesh of its users has appeared in the US for the first time, according to an Arizona health official.
Are you an entrepreneur who is creating change and is ready to become an ANPI African Business Hero?
Which rights when death is in the corner.
Tv presenter Melissa Bachman has caused an uproar when she posted a photo of a mature male lion she allegedly shot and killed on Twitter and Facebook.
David Sejusa from Parliament, the Uganda People’s Defence Forces (UPDF) have declared that the former spy chief has lost his job in the army.
Flash BACK: On Friday, the High Court in Kampala threw out Busiro South MP-elect Peter Ssematimba over his academic qualifications, and Yesterday, Lugazi Municipality MP Isaac Mulindwa was also kicked out of Parliament.
Mv Kalangala crew members have finally left the quarantined ship after finishing the mandatory two-week COVID-19 quarantine.
Find the full story in Saturday Vision.
Britain has joined Ireland to suspend aid to the Office of the Prime Minister over sh16.
The chairperson of the Uganda Human Rights Commission, Medi Kaggwa, has died after reportedly collapsing on his way to work today.
The crest foam factory belongs to the late kateeba joseph ateenyi, ugandan not indian my dear.
Russia'S not forgiven yet.
By the way if you are from the favoured region and not benefiting then move to the northern who love you all there BUT Museveni will kill you with poverty etc.
He tinks peace is necessarly di absence of wars, peace is basically the presence of justice which aint a case in Uganda so am not gettin wat he is tryn to insinuate.
N world where men dictate what women can and cannot do I like seeing a sister who is strong willed and opinionated.
Oh GOD may you bring that kind of heart in our leaders here in Uganda in your mighty name I pray.
You are only punishing those innocent bar owners in Kampala,,,but for us upcountry have never stopped drinking.
Innocent Oula and Abala David, MP Ngora County pose at the Kiira Motors' EVS at the Commonwealth Parliamentary Conference exhibition area in Uganda.
Kakati abakazi babiro bino?
You can pick your ticket from New Vision head offices, Mega standard supermarket, garden city, Quality supermarket Naalya, capital shoppers and Post bank head offices.
The Government has embarked on a process of compulsory acquisition of St Peter's Church Ndeeba's land.
Dunlop tryes are designed to protect you on the road.
6 magnitude earthquake jolted southern Chile on Sunday, prompting thousands to evacuate coastal areas, but no fatalities or major damage were reported in the tourism and salmon farming region.
Police are looking for school fees anti kids are going back next year.
Not these murderers called m7 and kagame.
The Police Spokesperson confirmed that investigations are ongoing in collaboration with the Ugandan Police.
Mubs coach Charles Ayiekoh is confident his team will keep their 2-1 lead and dump Kyambogo University after return leg of the Nile Special University Football League quarterfinal match at the Maroons stadium, Luzira on Thursday.
Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) Presidential Candidate, Patrick Oboi Amuriat was Friday granted bail by Mbarara Grade one magistrate, Gordon Muhimbise.
"A somebody was once a nobody who wanted to and did," John Burroughs.
His son, Hajji Hadad Sebunza, a businessman, took over the company in 2004 and breathed new life into it with capital investment worth more than sh1b.
World leaders including President Yoweri Museveni, attending the 71st United Nations General Assembly (UNGA) in New York, United States, have pledged to curb the spread of infections that are resistant to antimicrobial medicines.
It was named "St Francis Health center".
The Permanent Secretary Ministry of East African Community (EAC) Affairs, Edith Mwanje said Thursday that Uganda should have a say in the management of ports because of "the too many delays" at the ports, which she said affect trade.
That must be a coded message!
Moses Kipsiro finished 7th in his heat to make it to Saturday's Olympics 5000m final.
Do both of you a favor and let it go.
Tusker Project Fame Season Six.
O an Italian and there was maximum peace, unity & development.
Sorry to say, is undertaker also a priest ?
Zeddi Jerop (Ken 1.
Who is Ak47 ?
So titus, you still have that bag.
An eye witness says within 20 minutes what lay on the ground where the former seven suspects were shot were shattered bodies and piles of flesh ripped apart by bullets.
Lilly Ajarova, CEO Uganda Tourism Board explains why tourists should visit Uganda, the Pearl of Africa.
Everything on the Internet will still be there later.
That'S ug for u, the government does not fight for its citizens .
Too bad, especially with the introduction of mobile money!
What are the experts recommending to stimulate the Ugandan economy and how has the 2017/18 budget affected Car dealers?
When did he see them, may be he sneaks out also at night.
That is biased statistics!
His answered; "You want me to capture Kony who is in charge of over 7,000 people, including fighters?
The man who led the hunt said he decided to take action after 15 of his goats were killed and eaten by the cheetahs.
Wawoo dats Gods power.
Can only happen in Uganda.
Stomach cancer has been found to be the fourth most common type of cancer and the second leading cause of cancer death.
Ps Male the scripture is on point.
It can be installed in the backyard or in a field to enable growth of plants in a controlled manner.
Uganda is seeking to participate in management of Mombasa port and other ports in the East African Community, a senior government official has said.
He is the most senior member of the squad and he is hugely respected by his peers.
Do you think the NSSF has achieved the level of growth, transparency and integrity to invest in East Africa's largest economy?
Us-Led coalition aircraft have destroyed heavy weaponry seized by Islamic State jihadists when they retook the Syrian city of Palmyra from regime forces over the weekend, officials said Friday.
President Museveni in #Burundi : ".
The factory belonging to Sachin Shah produces absorbent cotton used for first aid and surgical dressing in hospitals, for cosmetics and also sanitary purposes.
I want to go back to school and study hard so that I pass with distinctions only,” Adong told New Vision.
In HOMES & CONSTRUCTION: How to organise your kitchen with modern drawers.
Vipers Paul Willa and KCCA's Mustafa kizza in action.
President Yoweri Museveni, speaking from Rwakitura, talks about nine issues in his New Year delivery.
#Uganda government has never been serious.
A newly discovered gene mutation significantly raises a woman's risk of breast cancer and may be considered the third such inherited gene flaw known to science, researchers.
Thank you Vision Group for this great Initiative.
They think it was a donation from the President.
Some clergy in the Anglican Church have been accused of allegedly conniving with fraudsters to grab Church land.
He quit gainful employment in India to come and enjoy the natural beauty of Africa; he instead wound up establishing a business empire in Uganda whose flagship company, IT solutions giant Service & Computer Industries Limited, installed Uganda first ATM.
Kampala Lord Mayor Erias Lukwago has expressed the need for collecting data for cars and bodaboda motorcycles operating in Kampala for proper planning.
So wats the reason for registering again?
Security and the recent outbreak of the Ebola virus are also expected to feature in discussions.
Today is Eggnog Day!
On the afternoon of September 9, 1977, 12 men were marched to Kampala's landmark Clock Tower where they were blindfolded, and tied to trees.
The New Vision added 5 new photos — with Thomas Fily and 2 others.
Get a copy and read more about his life life in Saturday Vision.
However, Mali has had the better chances.
New Vision is the biggest newspaper in UG, and its because of the balanced coverage of news.
They trying to see whether really exists?
In HARVEST MONEY: BEST FARMERS VISIT LANS FARM HOUSE.
Parliament has suspended funding for the Presidential Initiative on Banana Industrial Development (PIBID) over accountability queries.
Unfourntunely i can not rear them like chicks.
We have been putting on masks since covid started.
The New Vision is with Musě Ina Abdûllahï.
It looks like violence is the only thing you fools understand !
It is a stance that has left Valencia and Chelsea approximately £10m apart in their valuation of the player.
Ethiopia'S government on Monday named the co-pilot of an Ethiopian Airlines flight who hijacked his aircraft, describing him as "medically sane" and saying the incident "beggars belief".
The NFP curriculum includes methods such as billing’s ovulation, basal body temperature, calendar and the symptom thermal.
The radio report adds that this came after the president fired the entire Sonangol board and appointed a new one.
And we are back in play in the Maracana.
I am worried about having a future without education.
Read about how he has made this far.
It talks about Fagil Mandy yet UNEB is a very big institution!
Violence cannot solve problems, but will escalate them.
Take it upon yourself to freely admit that you were wrong on a fairly regular basis.
Former Rubaga South Susan Nampijja, daughter to politician Ken Lukyamuzi is still unable to speak after a brutal attack by her estranged partner left her nursing a deep cut on her skull.
Photographer Dennis Dibele was there and froze some moments with his camera.
Y please send me some 5m/= l complete my course.
Some parents may be puzzled on how they will keep their Children occupied during the second term holidays.
The New Vision is with Immaculate Jacqueline Nakigozi and 34 others.
Matia Kasija: Growth in agriculture output slowed to 1.
#Burundi president Nkurunziza has been nominated as the ruling party candidate at convention.
Muslims in Uganda have been urged to remain calm and disregard the recent film which reportedly demonized Islam and Prophet Muhammad.
Robina Ssentongo, the Woman MP for Kyotera, has succumbed to COVID-19.
Police also said that by the time Mayanja was attacked he was travelling in his Toyota Premio registration number UAT 217S.
The New Vision is with Nam Taifah and 3 others.
All of these factors point towards him being the right choice to lead the team".
Before they block it.
The New Vision is with Mugisha Alex and 3 others.
Government has urged schools and other institutions to use human waste and other wastes to generate biogas as a source of energy for cooking and lighting.
"I'Ve got nothing left to prove.
“President Museveni has put our nation to shame by opposing ICC’s efforts to bring to book the perpetrators of the 2007 Kenya violence.
Planning to take over power forever&live in cities!
I told u if micho is back every one should get out there bibles and calculators.
The Construction of the National High Altitude Centre in Teryet, Kapchorwa will cost over $7m (Over sh17.
11 councillors have signed a petition seeking to impeach him.
Aiko took home the Centric Award for "The Worst".
Sometimes only a word or two will suffice.
Cohabitation, dowry and marital rape emerged as the major issues in the Bill, which are still contentious despite the fact that the committee on legal and parliamentary affairs that was tasked to study the Bill has its report almost ready.
While sharing a house with three of his friends, he borrowed capital of sh200,000 and he decided to lay bricks.
The New Vision is with Nasser Al-hassan and 2 others.
Activists carried plarcards demanding for justice.
Other parts of the country, including parts of southwestern Uganda and Lake Victoria region, are currently experiencing intermittent rains (rain separated by dry spells).
Ebola caused the 2015 African Nations Cup to be moved from Morocco to Equatorial Guinea in a year which also saw Algeria and Nigeria reach the World Cup finals knock out stages.
A collection from Scarlet Bridals.
They should isolate them and the others should continue studying.
He has beaten NRM's Faisal Kikulukunyu who polled 12,792 votes.
Point of correction don't say we are tired, say i'm tired.
There has been political turbulence with a lion’s share experienced by the street vendors who are struggling to eke out a living in a harsh urban economic environment.
Do U Think The Proffession Will Reach International Standards.
Kampala- A former Catholic altar boy who became one of Africa's most brutal rebel commanders, Lord's Resistance Army (LRA) chief Joseph Kony has sowed terror across four nations for almost three decades.
But whereas, Ugandans are greedy for money, what has the NRM government done to fight the corruption cancer?
If your answer is affirmative, then make sure you buy a copy of the New Vision this Saturday, on October 31.
동독 출신의 지도자지만 성군으로 임하니 백성들은 지지하는 것이다.
Performing an Early Childhood Development (ECD)Song with pupils from Nakasongola Infant Nursery School at the National Policy on Early Childhood Development organised by UNICEF, BebeCool has encouraged parents to invest in the early stages of their children, to get the best results in the future.
🥳💃🏾🤩 The Virtual #BrideAndGroomExpo is back.
pliiiiiz you can do better.
Accident in Namasuba yesterday morning.
But Ugandans why are we blackmailing our media?
The compensation has failed to kick off because the claimants are allegedly struggling to acquire Tax Identification Numbers (TINs).
I still love her, but I am two months away from getting married.
Read Uganda's Leading Daily straight on your smartphone and have a dose of the most prolific news right on your mobile.
Family struggles with flooding after heavy rain hits Kampala District.
8%) and ineffective punitive measures (11.
#Epaper via - bit.
Cooked correctly, sausages are tight and slightly crispy on the outside, bursting with moist flavor on the inside.
Is closing the stadium the right thing to do?
These machines have been around Asian countries since decades.
Its what to this day they do to relax.
The hosts were in superb form against Kenya outclassing them 105-15.
How do you rate this guy?
We only want youth to compete for these positions.
But new vision why do you have to publishe this contradictive moment.
The African Union has adopted a resolution on deploying a neutral force in the DR Congo.
The New Vision is with Ewinu Evarlyn and 2 others.
🇺🇬#Uganda'S new-look flag carrier, Uganda Airlines, successfully completed its maiden flight from #Entebbe to #Nairobi, #Kenya🇰🇪 on Tuesday, raising optimism over the future of the country's aviation industry.
<P>So for the time being, the game has been put on hold until a workable solution is found.
#Inthenewvision: DP has threatened to dismiss newly appointed minister Nakiwala Kiyingi from the party.
Ethiopian PM Visits Uganda.
Why do some Uganda family businesses fail?
This is what it means to follow your passion.
The more tickets you buy, the greater your chances of winning, so get your family and friends to join in.
The day was created to mark the end of the apartheid and foster unity and reconciliation across the South Africa.
God give us good leaders who can lead south sudan to the interest of its people.
Parliamentary Conference (CPC) from September 22 to 29.
This verdict comes after a previous jury found Samsung owed Apple $1.
Bujingo sued over child neglect.
Buhari announced the social initiative earlier this month urging Nigerians to stop bribing and littering in a programme that continues his "war against indiscipline" launched while serving as military ruler in the 1980's.
Sorry Mr. John Negara.
Hahhaah is this along a dusty rough road hahahah guys.
French Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said on Tuesday the additional troops will deploy for about six months.
New vision your reporting is fake.
the femur bone broke three times.
Today'S morning drizzle came along with traffic jam especially in areas such as Bukoto-Kisasi.
Jean Louis De La Vaissiere (AFP): Holy Father, you have now gone twice to Asia.
President Yoweri Museveni has said his government will no longer accept expensive loans for projects in electricity, railway and development finance.
Seriously for how many years has the OPM been practicing corruption, did it start this year?
I would advise Muslims to wait for Mubajje's term to end and they carry out fresh #Elections but the Problem with #Mubajje also is that he #stole much & doesn't seem even to be ready to return even a single #Coin!
Every year there is always alot of BS.
Kampala Lord Mayor Erias Lukwago has asked the Police to explain to the public how Bogere Omwongo died in its custody at Clock Tower Police Station.
The 2015 motocross season was one that you couldn’t risk any prediction.
Find out what they told the government.
Condolences on the loss of the two Ugandans.
God gives & takes.
They donated several items and partcipated in community work.
The Asian continent’s resurgent quest to become a global economic power requires a new model built on innovation and cooperation, China’s Premier, Li Keqiang told world leaders at the Boao Forum for Asia on Thursday.
But Ings, who replaced the injured Christian Benteke at half-time, took only two minutes to make an impact, providing a tidy finish with his left foot from a narrow angle.
during which an agreement will be adopted and signed," said Marcel Utembi, president of the Congo National Episcopal Conference (CENCO), who had pushed for a deal before Christmas.
Takotsubo syndrome, as it is also known, involves the sudden weakening of heart muscles, causing the left ventricle -- the chamber which pushes oxygen-rich blood through the body -- to balloon out abnormally at the bottom.
Review Judges' retirement age — Owiny-Dollo.
While some people consider this an indictment of the Ugandan economy, others believe that their exit will easily be filled by others, or even Ugandan enterprises that have over the years built the capacity.
Golola: A new lease of life.
Well-Wishers descend on Buckingham Palace to celebrate the birth of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's baby boy.
The leadership of Masindi Municipality has asked Prime Minister Robinah Nabbanja to help them get cars and road equipment in order to help them easily monitor government programmes.
Around Uganda: Mother and four children burnt to death in Iganga.
Actually the correct word should be CLEVER cz they're smarter than these crap security agencies, who have failed to arrest any assailant except innocent fellow Muslims.
Semenya, a double Olympic 800 metres champion, has appealed to the Court of Arbitration for Sport in Lausanne to challenge the rules proposed by the International.
Ideally, parents should brush the teeth of children below five years.
Then What were the bottlenecks that prevented him to surpass that level?
Jinja road near the Electoral Commission offices has flooded due to heavy rainfall that pounded the city this afternoon.
I am getting married in December.
He was the officer-in-charge of Kajjansi police station, and was shot dead as he responded to distress calls for help.
SEE DETAILS : #EPAPER: is.
Some people are lookng for jobs some need more sums of money.
The New Vision is with Ssalongo Jawadu Eng Kambo.
The new report commissioned by the Government, recommends that private students pay an additional sh2.
New Vision,in partnership with the Irish Embassy is searching for Uganda's best teachers.
Tomorrow, on 19th March 2021, The New Vision marks 35 years of existence!
The Electoral Commission's chairman Badru Kiggundu has announced the extension of the voting exercise in sections of Namuwongo, Gabba and Kansanga.
An agency is appealing directly to the president Trump's fans to buy him his childhood home for the unprecedented price of $3 million and offer it to him as a gift.
83% of rural women in Uganda shun condom use.
The ruthless massacre allowed Tottenham to capitalise on Manchester City's loss at Leicester.
The Ugandan doctor (John Ayo) who died of COVID-19 in Botswana will be buried in the southern African country on Friday.
Face it politely brother.
The first major temporary truce in Syria's five-year civil war has come into effect.
Wins for KCCA, Mbarara City, UPDF and Vipers (early kickoff).
It's the responsibility of the Uganda govt to safeguard and protect all children found in Uganda and particularly the most vulnerable children such as the homeless Children.
aspx for the full story or like Pakasa Vision for more.
She gets 3 "NOs" from the 3 Judges.
I am so disgusted with everyone bashing this beautiful woman!
Infant deaths also reduced from 56 deaths per 1,000 live births in 2011 to 43 deaths per 1,000 live births in 2016, the report observes.
he has been abducted.
There is a small cockroach calling it's self Mandela of Uganda yet it cries like a baby!
Otunnu's car wind screen has been smashed.
I think most African leaders have abused the word sovereignty,  so it is time for us to shift from there, and possibly go back to colonialism, a time when national development was the cake.
Do you remember a singer called Red Banton who had a major hit song ‘Noonya Money’ back in the day?
Praising accomplishments, however small, will make them feel proud; letting kids do things independently will make them feel capable and strong.
Full Bulletin: Analysing the 2019/2020 national budget - bit.
Data from the National Housing Corporation Company reveals that Uganda had a housing shortage of 550,000 in 2010.
Time will tell, God bless Nigeria.
— a drink consisting of rum, brandy, or other alcohol mixed with beaten egg, milk, and sugar.
Her first appearance was at Crab Fair in Egremont, Cumbria, in 1977.
A tenant in Kamwokya has been evicted over rent arrears of over sh165m.
John Opwonya, the district malaria focal point person said the deaths were recorded from the beginning of May to the third week of June.
You're such a good daddy to North & you will be the best daddy to our new son too"!
Faith Natukunda sentenced to 8 years in prison over human trafficking.
Oba kiki ekiri mu njaga?
Nwe, govt, I salute u tho we hop evrithing gets dan d ryt way.
Namubiru’s fans drove in a procession from the Entebbe to Kampala causing a heavy traffic jam along Kampala- Entebbe Road.
What do you think?
Rwanda on Monday announced fresh restrictions including a ban on weddings as it struggles to contain a surge in coronavirus infections.
Tusker Project Fame Seasin 6 auditions in High gear.
But why everything in ,Buganda ?
The New Vision is with Ocitti Robert and 6 others.
Especially Wen Thy Are Dead Their Families Dnt Get Anything!
Lightly grease a 9x5 inch loaf pan.
#Wba have had 7 shots in this half, to CFC's 4.
That’s all changing, thanks to a Swedish company Pause Ljud & Bild, which is offering coffins complete with speakers and a streaming Spotily account to keep the tunes rocking in the grave.
Light a burner on the stove and set it to medium or medium-high heat.
But go to hospitals and take death record of malaria per day in Uganda.
Have you had lunch yet?
There are five distinct types of diabetes that can occur in adulthood -- see more at: https://goo.
If it's the case the same museveni can jail his ministers, mps, army officers bcs what they do to Uganda is more than illegal fishing.
A fearless soldiers always looks direct in to the eyes of the instructor and gets a good training.
Are you a job seeker?
The Irish Data Protection Commissioner (DPC) is responsible for auditing and reviewing the privacy settings of dozens of tech companies that have their European headquarters in Ireland, drawn by low taxes and a well-educated workforce.
In a medium bowl, combine the avocados, chicken, onion and cilantro.
Bad Black deported to Uganda by Rwanda Police.
if all the energies are refocused on our pension cheme, it would be far better that NSSF; but the poorest people are the pensioners.
Tear gas amid heavy traffic along Kampala road a few minutes back.
While Uganda is Looking at scientific elections ( Erections) in 2021 Jesus!
Over the last few months, Members of Parliament have taken it upon themselves to clean up certain sectors in the civil service.
actually most headteachers in gov't skools are computer illetrates and fear to employ us who know to help them with work.
u have been served!
"He'll wear the No 10 shirt".
The New Vision is with Koma Lydia and Kintu Musa.
#Swagg - Hard being Sudhir's son.
Besides we all make mistakes n its long b4 we realise them dat we become beta humans.
However, Uganda Muslim Supreme Council (UMSC) head, Supreme Mufti, Sheikh Shaban Mubajje, has insisted that the mosque belongs to Muslims in Uganda and Libya cannot give such a directive.
The New Vision is with Kakule Peter and 4 others.
Tumukunde case dismissed, to face criminal charges, details in the New Vision.
Arthur Bishop thought he had put his murderous past behind him when his most formidable foe kidnaps the love of his life.
Full story in the Sunday Vision, grab yourself a copy.
Giving back is a great way to keep perspective of how great your relationship is, and how lucky you both are.
He IS NOT BRITISH.
Mathias Katamba, the dfcu CEO has been elected the new Chairman Uganda Bankers Association (UBA) to replace Patrick Mweheire, who recently left the position of CEO Stanbic bank.
Prevention is the only cure to HIV/AIDS.
Why coronavirus will affect your pockets.
The government pledges its full commitment to the arrest, investigation.
So, while we accept this to be a competition like any other, how does it feel losing such talents before they fulfill their potentials?
Think what you may of her, Viola Naluwooza Ndawula, the subject of our lead story in the Pakasa Pull out, represents your typical entrepreneur today.
Hope he wasnt in a bar or lodge this time!
Ayali bestman kati yekawasa.
Govt sets aside sh62b for refurbishing schools.
Am on my knees waiting to hear that you've honored the court request.
Now checked this one.
He has done wat other mps have been fearing to do .
Dear God, on this Thursday, we pray that you stand beside us, as we know you always do and help us find peace, strength and balance in our respective lives.
"Government is considering suing these companies to force them to pay.
Church OF UGANDA FACES SH8B BILL.
Uganda exports hit over sh10.
Keys Allan,ghosts do linger even in the modern era.
Did Agaba died after the thank giving or before?
Travel happiness actually spikes in the planning stage, according to research.
These were taken for forensic examination.
Aigp Andrew Felix Kaweesi's words in the Last Interview with the Saturday Vision "A policeman cannot avoid bullets".
The equipment, dubbed Touchless Hand Wash (TW-20), was designed and built by Makerere University researchers and alumni.
Just IN FROM LONDON: Tullow wins Ugandan #oil case against Heritage.
Here is what Jinja West Municipality MP Moses Balyeku had to say.
The rampant pollution of River Nile has worsened the quality of its water with a new report revealing that almost all surface waters in the Nile Basin are now contaminated with faeces.
Rift Valley Railways (RVR), the firm that has rail services concessionaire in Uganda and Kenya, says more work needs to be done for the Tororo-Pakwach railway to be fully operational.
It is alleged that Sserubidde dumped his first wife Len for failing to bear him an heir.
They shld let me receieve Ug share be4 it disappears in thin air.
Miss world Africa 2018,Abenakyo receives heroic welcome.
Prices rise as inflation for December 2021 hits 2.
Katumba Wamala's wife, Catherine, has been left distraught by the tragedy in her family.
"Where did u get that figure"?
Uganda has introduced two state-of-the-art ambulances on lakes Victoria and Albert to help stranded patients on islands.
Don’T blame God for not showering you with gifts.
Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) presidential candidate Patrick Oboi Amuriat on Wednesday combed Kazo, Ibanda and Kiruhura districts for votes.
Being told to buy medicines out stock does not necessarily mean they are paying for services.
-Expressway murder: Were they abducted?
Musinguzi said the biometric data system will be introduced at national and regional referral hospitals, district hospitals and health centre IVs.
Ugandans are often advised to know their HIV status as the first step towards defeating it.
The tree that once stood in that very spot for some 35 years was felled by a ruthless hailstorm on February 2014 that also left several houses destroyed.
Even the boys, who, only a year ago had started to throw passes at me, turned the other direction when they saw me come.
He shares almost everything with his mother, this deters me from sharing things with him.
Guinea'S ex-president Alpha Conde, who has been detained since his ouster in a September coup, obtained authorisation Friday to leave the West African country for a month.
Even when I am there, he is always touching other women and telling them jokes with love innuendos.
"Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal," Henry Ford.
Opinion POLL: Lionel Messi retired from international duty after missing in a penalty shootout as Argentina lost a fourth major final in nine years.
We cherish your position and pray to God that He gives you wisdom to be a blessing and of service to his people,may He bless your family,Buganda and Uganda.
The New Vision is with Moses Wani Mali and Nyadru Mangwi.
🇺🇬 As we celebrate #WorldTourismDay2021, let's take a delightful pictorial trip down #Uganda's west side - to Kabale district.
This took place about a kilometre away from Portbell where the floating island was intercepted by a team of government officials led by Ministry of Agriculture.
The Deputy Commandant of the Special Forces Command Sabiiti Muzeyi talks to Army Commander Katumba Wamala , during the International Conference on Great Lakes Region at Speke Resort Munyonyo, September 5.
There is an island in the #Bahamas inhabited only by swimming pigs.
You'all think it's a joke?
But wish da jobs r also available.
Don'T steal or do.
-Fatherhood: Fathers narrate their memorable experiences #EPAPER via - epaper.
Who will win FUFA player of the year award, Okello or Kizza?
According to the newspaper, people who have sex two or three times a week earn 4.
A 101-year-old man was pulled alive from the rubble of his house in Nepal seven days after it collapsed in a deadly earthquake, police said Sunday.
Yesterday was a walk to work, day.
The attack took place in Shikarpur in Sindh province, around 470 kilometres (300 miles) north of Karachi and the same district where at least 61 were killed in a suicide attack on another Shiite mosque in 2015.
Isaac Newton Ojok, advised the High Court to find him guilty of the offence.
Sacked: Salva Kiir sacks his army chief.
The New Vision is with Anderson Peter and 2 others.
It has really been good to be part of this #JananiLuwum memorial.
Busoga region most affected some intervention needs to be taken in order to sensitise the population about the dangers of sickle cell disease.
Today, 31-year-old Steven Sembuya is making Uganda’s first Chocolate brand at his home and setting up the first chocolate factory in Uganda.
Hmmm tobacco,strict law shld be put to govern like suckets alcohol.
I wish it was here in ug life would be bettr.
The crowd loved her.
God bless u Mr and Mrs sudilu.
in fact its not news.
Uganda'S Vice President Edward Ssekandi visits Team Uganda at London 2012.
I took over when Police had no wings.
The She Cranes have suffered their heaviest defeat of the 2015 Netball World Cup against second-ranked New Zealand in their final group game.
In attendance is Speaker of Parliament Rebecca Kadaga, and First Lady and Minister in charge of Karamoja affairs Janet Museveni Finance minister .
Henry Okumu Okori appeared before anti-corruption court magistrate, Michael Lagara, who sent him on remand in Luzira Prison.
Innocent pipo n helpless.
Government has called upon all Namboole users to sign a contract a month before the actual date of use to avoid the different hiccups that have dogged different sports bodies in accessing the stadium.
To Win A Fight U Must Believe In Ur Self.
Some roads cut off too, @UgandaRedCross said in a statement.
Just In: Mrs Patience T. Rubagumya is our new Commissioner Legal Services & Board Affairs/Board Secretary.
Fire destroys property worth millions of shillings at Namuwongo.
It's looked at as medicine compared to the past times where we could take it a part of a drink.
By Vision Reporter THE First Lady and Minister for Karamoja Affairs Janet Museveni has launched the national campaign on adolescent girls with a call on families and the community to stand up and take responsibility of protecting girl children from sexual exploitation and teenage pregnancies.
It is that time of the year when many of us start asking where Christmas should be best spent.
Are you looking for a quality education that will open up endless doors to your future career?
I've showed the world I'm the best and, right now, I just want to enjoy myself".
I knew it more are about to come out and declare to be non NRM.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers will speak to Raheem Sterling after the forward was pictured apparently taking nitrous oxide.
Soccer will not bring peace in Somalia.
30+years in the office!
The shift eliminates the ability to direct Facebook ads at people based on ethnicity, beliefs, political affinity or other data that could be considered sensitive.
The low ropes challenge.
The woman, now in her 70s, found the 1929 copy of "Travels With A Donkey In The Cevennes" by Robert Louis Stevenson while clearing out her house.
The Cameroonian was voted into the most senior African football position 27 years ago and the couple of officials who have tried to unseat him failed miserably at the ballot box.
Dr. Steven Kasiima, the Commissioner of Police, said implementing the speed governor law had become untenable because many drivers were manipulating the gadgets in order to drive faster than the recommended speed limits.
Is it a conspiracy of silence or an indicator that the ruthless virus is loosing the battle.
Kitatta is indicted with 12 others over illegal possession of firearms, a monopoly of the Army.
Their minimum qualification is called Matric which is equivalent to our A level.
For MEN: Wearing a red shirt makes women find you more attractive.
Last week, they appeared before Grade One Magistrate Fatuma Nabirye on charges of criminal trespass and malicious damage.
Please slow it slightly as the speed will make it sell or is not persuasive for intending buyers when fast.
In Pakasa: Find out how Godfrey Nuwagaba, the proprietor of Universal High School in Kisaasi built an empire from sh50,000.
But what is idle land and who determines that land is idle or under fallow?
No open court trial for Brig.
Karamojong region is looking very good location.
Let trs help P.7 pupils b'se ov final exams.
You still have the courage even to participate i 42 km race.
To some analysts, Muntu partying ways with the Opposition party is not a surprise.
Whenever one side or the other is unobjectively suppressed, the public tend to divert their anger, pain and dissatisfaction towards the innocent electoral body staff.
You can never say never, says United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer.
But of course so.
All-square on aggregate at the break (1-1).
Also rescued a six-year-old child.
He was husband to NRM politician Wanyoto.
Get yourself a copy of the New Vision for a free pull out of Infrastructure.
Earlier Friday Putin said Russia would not further retaliate against expanded U.S. sanctions, as Russia's upper house of parliament endorsed the annexation of Crimea from Ukraine.
Emmanuel Mutebile, the Governor of Bank of Uganda (BOU) has been installed as the first chancellor of the International University of East Africa (IUEA).
Un troops in the Democratic Republic of Congo are taking up positions to support a planned offensive against Hutu rebels in the east after they ignored a deadline to surrender, a UN spokesman said Monday.
and he does it in style, with the Ugandan flag wrapped around him!
A former escort of Maj.
Have you ever wondered what blockchain technology is?
President Yoweri Museveni has blasted oil firms for opposing Uganda’s plans to build an oil refinery in the country.
Uganda will face four time Africa Cup of Nations champions Ghana in a build-up for next month’s World Cup qualifiers.
The New Vision is with Paula E Carbarsawme.
Problem is u think shillings can’t be exchanged into dollars so waste all energy begging for dollars.
Alexander Graham Bell demonstrated his ability to “talk with electricity” by transmitting a call to his assistant, Thomas Watson.
More questions arise in the Entebbe Expressway murder.
What is the court waiting for?
Some of the guests that graced the function include Katikiro of Buganda Charles Peter Mayiga, Minister Sam Kuteesa , former prime minister Amama Mbabazi, prime minister Ruhakana Rugunda and Speaker Rebecca Kadaga .
Odoi in fresh row with Lumumba.
Shall we see more of these in this term?
Court to determine fate of NRM's "Rebel" Mps today .
would be shocked if a quarter of that money reaches its intended purpose.
People in judicially will miss the heaven.
Are u sure its not obama?
답은 이미 다 나와 있는 것이다.
Who will protect our school girls?
(Reuters) - Appeals judges at the International Criminal Court ruled on Friday that Kenya's Deputy President William Ruto could only be excused from attending his trial on a case-by-case basis, overturning an earlier ruling.
Cameroon Lions goes down to Mexico.
"Noma is caused by malnutrition and a lack of hygiene," nurse Badamasi says.
Betty Aol Ocan, the Leader of Opposition in Parliament, also the Gulu Woman MP has protested government’s plans to merge the Uganda Women Entrepreneurship [UWEP] with other wealth creation programs.
He decried the vices of hatred, disrespect, terrorism and hatred which he said are not Godly urging people that it is incumbent among all to have a peaceful co-existence.
What lesions did you learn from Mandela?
According to 2 studies, it can boost metabolism by 24-30% over a period of 1-1.
"There is nothing irritating like these messages because one should not bombard my phone with such unsolicited messages," Rugunda said.
we thank God for your life.
#64Cpc2019 Commonwealth Women Parliamentarians conference underway.
NSSF managing director, Richard Byarugaba, said: “Our total income has increased by 35%.
The case swept under the carpet money in the personal unknown Museveni family member .
Col Edith Nakalema over alleged corruption cases.
The Chief of Defense Forces Gen.
Thousands of pilgrims from across the world thronged the Shrine in Namugongo to celebrate Martyrs Day.
The debate on MPs' cars rages on.
Top army leadership is set to unveil plan in relation to the presence of troops in the war-torn country.
This is the correct figure" said Lenku.
Goal Newcastle 1-2 Arsenal (48 mins).
Strictly old songs requests.
Referee Manuel Graefe missed the incident, but German football officials reviewed the matter.
African ivory is highly sought after in China, where it is seen as a status symbol, with prices for a kilo (2.
Manu Kanani, 74, introduced colour photography to #Uganda as far back as 1968.
Is that my Newspaper, the new vision?
The prayers come just a few days away from the Martyrs’ Day celebrations, held every year at the shrine to remember the Uganda martyrs.
His body was retrieved today.
His main challenger, former vice president Atiku Abubakar, has won four states and the Federal Capital Territory of Abuja (FCT).
The long-serving CECAFA boss also hailed FUFA for taking the risk to host two regional tournaments at a-go despite limited resources.
Where is Sam Kuteesa this time round?
Pitanga managed to grab onto a rock, but she was unable to keep hold of Montagner.
More than 300,000 were displaced or forced to flee to Uganda, on the other side of Lake Albert.
It has bn his turn,next is u!
11 dead as shots fired at French satirical weekly #CharlieHebdo.
He will receive the minimum salary, about $214 (£127).
The Elly Wamala All Star Tribute concert went down Friday evening, attracting hordes of the late musician’s fans at Kampala Serena Hotel.
Southern African bloc to send troops to insurgency-hit Mozambique.
my heart is to heavy.
Makerere tear gas innovator seeks sh66b to set up mini plant, details in the New Vision.
The New Vision added 39 new photos — with Eddy Eddie Junior.
Thank you Jesus for Uganda.
Makerere University staff will not be paid their salaries until the university is opened and students have paid fees,” .
The New Vision is with Pacholz Cnc.
We continue to pray and hope that the situation gets better soon," said a rather tired Kenzo.
He was granted bail on medical grounds but his movements were restricted to Kampala and Wakiso unless cleared by court and the army leadership.
Kampala then was imbued with an atmosphere of terror.
When Ari’s mother attempts to set him on the path of controlling his diet, he finds that it can lead to internal discoveries about himself as well as external changes in his appearance, but it can’t solve all of his problems.
Clinton, 69, has kept a low profile in the weeks since her shock defeat to the Republican billionaire, but made the remarks to campaign donors in Manhattan on Thursday night, The New York Times reported.
<P><Em>"As you celebrate this year’s Christmas, I encourage you to welcome into your hearts the message of love and compassion".
Police should leave somebody's investors alone.
Maybe this could be the beginning of the best.
-Emphasises Kooki, Buruuli are part of Buganda.
Andrew Gutti has ruled that Kitatta being a prominent person is likely to interfere with prosecution witness once released on bail.
With a fully fledged department of computer science, how can Makerere fail to detect "ghost students" from the data.
Following public outcry against exorbitant fees, all schools have been ordered to declare their fees structure.
Dear God, I am awake because You love me & nothing can ever take that away from me.
But we had a head start,because we were fortunate to benefit from her proud example,and her warm generous advise".
Manchester United David Moyes, speaking to #BBC: "We had a lot the ball, passing, and controlled the majority of the game.
Report finds oil companies’ costs not audited for 6 years.
Three MPs quit Britain's governing Conservatives on Wednesday over Brexit, saying the issue had "re-defined" the party and was "undoing all the efforts to modernise it".
Story in the New Vision https://vpg.
yet over 12000 deaths in U.S. from the flu.
Five years after her conviction, Jacqueline Uwera Nsenga, the widow of the late Juvenal Nsenga still pleads her innocence.
The University of Kisubi was a hive of activity as the 18th AUUS Games kicked off on a wet and cold day in Entebbe.
Social tolerance ion child marriage and lack of awareness of the long term impact of teenage pregnancy also contribute to under-reporting.
Aubamyang scored his 12th goal of the season by slotting a loose ball at the near post.
He looks forward to having them around while I cherish my privacy.
Let him take over asap in emergency situation like this one.
The so they call parties are their work places only.
#Inthenewvision: A former aide of Amama Mbabazi has been set free.
Alternatively, like “Pakasa Vision” page and stand a chance to win a free ticket.
Get yourself a copy from your nearest vendor or subscribe to our #EPAPER; bit.
Prison z he goin to.
A family of five died when the hut they were sleeping in was set ablaze using petrol by unknown people at Karungu One village in Kiryandongo sub-county, Kiryandongo district yesterday morning at about 2:00am, the Police have said.
How Uganda Cranes survived a plane crash.
Heavy police deployments in various roundabouts in Soroti district.
When it comes to foreign investors, the business environment in Uganda is ensuring that they get the desired break-through.
Be sure to tune in again today.
<P><Em>He said so far intelligence shows that some politicians are behind the planned protests, which police will not allow.
She must be having something else she expected me to repair!
Because the subjects of the pictures look exactly like the victims in a long-cold murder case.
Burial today at his home in Kachonga, Butaleja.
How can you avoid anthrax?
Think OF HEALTH THINK OF HERBS AND CANDLES PRAYERS,ON HOW TO USE HERBS AND CANDLES,THE PRACTICE OF OUR FORE FATHERS FOR A HEALTHY LIVING.
The New Vision is with SilverGold Everstar and Ashiraf Lacky Wellborn.
God Bless Brunei In Jesus mighty name.
The regional agreement will also help to promote research and tourism as well as sharing of revenue where gorillas cross from one country to another.
#Ugbudget17 allocation for ministries.
The taste is divine.
Who has an upper hand in the fight for votes in Nairobi, Kenya in the forthcoming elections?
Get the full story in NEW Vision #EPAPER- https://epaper.
Mourinho has won six and lost just one of eight league clashes against Liverpool, including a 2-1 victory in this season's reverse fixture at Stamford Bridge, and the Mourinho does not feel under pressure in his quest for silverware.
Mtn stuck with sh4.
Eight ministers face the axe, despite resistance from a bureaucracy used to getting its way and practiced in shrugging off allegations of nepotism and corruption.
Following the death of a six-year-old boy in the wake of landslides in Mbale, @UgandaRedCross has warned of more cracks in the mountainous region.
The concocted story was aired in the 7:00am news bulletin on April 1, the same day that is celebrated as Fools Day in some countries.
Should I make a move on her?
Politics is about power.
We have certainly not missed a lot because we were learning all the subjects.
The directorate spokesperson, Jane Okuo Kajuga, has told New Vision there was sufficient evidence to implicate the three suspects.
It is already on the street.
In the current issue of Flair Magazine, we celebrate Women's day in a special way.
An update on the Igara East parliamentary elections.
Mourine Asiimwe, a 23-year-old Miss Conservation queen in the Miss Tourism Kigezi is on a campaign to plant 10 million trees across Uganda in a bid to mitigate the effects of climate change.
Once you’ve gotten clear on what it is that you love to do and what sort of career you want to pursue, start planning.
If we want our economy to bounce back, we need to stop COVID-19.
It is currently against the constitution but parliament has not yet passed a bill outlawing the practice.
Buckingham Palace has lodged a complaint with press watchdog IPSO against the Sun newspaper over the allegation.
What has been done since they are not effective?
The Mental Health Atlas 2014 reveals that public expenditure for mental health in low and middle income countries is less 2$ per capita and much of this goes to fund inpatient care in public hospitals where need is not much felt.
Most of the time, UNEB releases the results at the end of February or at the beginning of March.
Aleppo evacuees tell of pain and dreams of returninging men and hungry children Friday, Mohammad mourned his evacuation from his home town and Syria's second city.
His perform was good.
God bless thier meetings and pray for us the people og Uganda to have free and fair ELECTIONS ( SILVE FAMILY MAKUUTU ).
There are over 2,000 unlicensed fuel stations operating in the country, an investigation of the downstream petroleum operations by Auditor General John Muwanga has revealed.
Interestingly, the colorful ceremony that started with mass led by Lwanga, coincided with the International Family Day.
But Nansana is more than a Municipal council.
Pearl of Africa home of love, peace, humanity and integrity God bless Uganda!
Team physio Michael Keb Aleku massages Gold medalist Kiprotich as he views his facebook account.
I thank God for saving you.
G the creator or staying in power for so long that we forget we ever needed them in the first place?
That is what corrution does to communities who have been betrayed by the elite class.
Supermarkets are rationing sugar after prices shot up, exceeding sh5,000 in some places.
The sale follows a blockade and threats by Ukrainian nationalists.
Kale Kayihura explains what happened, who was involved in the attack and their motives.
News Around Uganda - In Wakiso district, SMACK alumni honour Bro.
Yet, where is the priority?
A #Somali artist at work in #Mogadishu.
The Speaker of Parliament, Jacob Oulanyah has revealed that the institution will not interfere in the criminal charges slapped against legislators Allan Ssewanyana and Muhammad Ssegirinya over Masaka murders.
The company later collapsed after the death of Haji Musa in 2003 due to poor management.
In Uganda now everyone can do anything because if the police can break laws ,what about mere citizens?
Lets hope waliwo kyemwakoze si yepaka yaluli?
This is a clear indication to the world that there is no similarity between Islam and terrorists at all.
Read her story in today’s Pakasa only in the New Vision.
It is a violent and painful practice that scars women and girls for life, endangers their health, deprives them of their rights, and denies girls the chance to reach their full potential.
"Hens tend to lay less eggs due to too much heat," Gerald has emphasized the importance of ventilation at poultry farms.
"At the end of the day when all is said and done parliament begins on tuesday i will sit back shut up and just watch proceedings ,no more activisism in the house like during the public order management bill.
Here's your Friday package.
Even mere registering a business it needs capital but here yapping that job creation.
Sprinkle biriyani with coriander and serve with yoghurt mixture.
Grease and flour an 8-inch square pan.
I am uncomfortable throwing her out.
Mp Allan Ssewanyana's wife: “I am worried about his state of health and appealing to security agencies to please release him".
The truck driver still unidentified had gone to retrieve the truck that had earlier hit in an ambush at Nashida, 25km, from Juba leading to the death of two Ugandans when he went missing.
The Police in Adjumani district are detaining two health workers in connection with the sale of government drugs, weeks after a Sunday Vision investigation led to the arrest of a mortuary attendant.
Job VACANCY: For hotel job related, interested applicants with a valid passport should contact our whatsapp attendant directly: +48732100580.
In MWALIMU:PEDN to mentor University students on financial literacy .
I have started speaking to a man who took my friend on a date but we both really like each other.
Eng Badru Kiggundu, the chairman of the Electoral Commission of Uganda, has declared the incumbent, President Yoweri Museveni, the winner of the 2016 general election with 5,617,503 (60.
Information Minister Frank Tumwebaze said although the President assented to the Data Protection and Privacy Bill on February 25, the Government is yet to implement it because it was not budgeted for in the current national budget.
Police say the gun men are still holding hostages and have asked all media houses to stop live coverage of the operation.
Kabaka marks 19 years in holy matrimony .
The New Vision is with Kamarembo Eva.
So these days money can make up for lyfe.
Roy Joy Mutebi took over Kiwa Industries after his father’s death in 2004.
Manchester City were knocked out of the Champions League on away goals at the last-16 stage after Monaco's second-leg victory, even with an aggregate of 6-6.
#Breaking Tanzania ruling party CCM candidate John Magufuli declared presidential vote winner.
The Resident State Attorney Richard Bivumbuka had on Monday opposed the grant of bail to the two legislators noting that they would interfere with the inquiries.
The New Vision is with Ken Ethan and Alinaitwe Othneal.
so obviously the quagmire has to happen.
Ridging comes in various styles including voter bribes!
And whoever believes in Allah – He will guide his heart.
Although the population agency has already spent sh22.
In fact, it could even get worse for the visitors.
The highway will link Entebbe International Airport, the country's largest civilian and military airport, to Kampala, the country's capital and largest metropolitan area.
THANK YOU ALL FOR SUPPORTING US.
Russian PM Dmitry Medvedev has signed a decree on the full ban for imports of beef, pork, poultry meat, fish, cheese, milk, vegetables and fruit from Australia, Canada, the EU, the US and Norway.
Nine more Government officials including three ministers and three permanent secretaries are to face the Anti-corruption Court over abuse of CHOGM funds.
With assured employment for life, dedicated applicants would accept the terms and conditions.
"Its not mandatory to be in the civil service.
Meriam Ibrahim, 27, the Sudanese (former Muslim) woman sentenced to death for marrying a Christian gave birth to a baby girl today (a month before her due date) in a Khartoum prison where she is being held with her 20-month-old son.
Togo'S President Faure Gnassingbe has been re-elected for a third term, electoral officials say.
`The man identified as Brian Ayebale alias Patience Birungi was on March .
Give clear instructions and set up a toll free number so that we parents can be helped.
High profile murder case!
A section of MPs have attacked Kibuku County MP Saleh Kamba for petitioning the constitutional court challenging Speaker Rebecca Kadaga’s ruling over rebel MPs.
The former army commander will be accorded a state funeral.
Spread heaping 1/2 cup chicken mixture over cheese; roll up tightly.
The nurse also shouted 4 no gd reaso coz dey c things bigger dan wat shi saw, nway was shi young 2 c dat?
At least i am jsut an individual who believes he was positioning himself on the side of solutions.
Turn off heat and reserve.
This was during the second Ekitaguriro kya Radio West competitions held at Kabuyanda Central Primary School in Kabuyanda town council, Isingiro district.
President Yoweri Museveni has no scheduled function to attend in Kabale over the weekend, contrary to media reports, State House has clarified.
Find out how they welcomed the plane in Nairobi.
The New Vision is with Bagamba Jany and 3 others.
Even I as muzungu can see plenty of it when I visit uganda .
I still don't understand what witchcraft she uses to attract all that attention.
What have you learnt from Tekule’s story?
As the UPDF medical officers checked the recruits, they were told to open their mouths and whoever had a missing tooth, was told to leave.
There has been a cry from the men that the campaign against gender violence focusses on women, yet men also suffer domestic violence.
From a teenage mother living in abject poverty in Nairobi, vending clothes on the streets of Nairobi, desperate house wife, to struggling business woman.
According to Lewis Howes, entrepreneur and author of "The School of Greatness" (Rodale Books, 2015), setting strong habits, such as sleeping 8 hours, avoiding checking your email for the first couple hours of the day, getting outside daily, and taking time to eat right and work out, will make you healthier and happier.
I like his MASS he relly works out.
For more information, call toll free: 0800166789 or email: digital@newvision.
Kcca director of physical planning George Agaba has this afternoon been charged with murder before the Nakawa Magistrate’s Court and sent to Luzira Prison http://see.
So group of terrorist RNC which lives in Uganda is what Ugandans or Rwandans ?
The Supreme Court March 10, 2015 decreed that the Attorney-General expeditiously submit its reply to the case, especially on the issue of the conduct of investigations and the principle of proportionality.
Morales and Rodriguez, separated from the others, huddled together and urinated on each other to stay warm, sometimes curling up into a fetal position as they floated, they told journalists.
Youth leaders in Busoga sub-region have demanded for a referendum on the way a Kyabazinga (king of Busoga) is elected, saying the kingdom’s constitutional review commission has failed to conclude soliciting views on the matter.
Grab yourself a today's New Vision.
Are these measures really called for in this day and age, what is your say?
He died knowing the new pres would be sworn in August.
A dog chasing Marabou Stork near the shores of Lake Albert in Sanga.
The day reminds you that the year is almost at the end and there are things that need to be done.
He was declared dead in 1999, despite dozens of unverified sightings, but the new ruling gives his son the right to inherit the family title.
Those r da wise lawyers, let them submit sence.
I think Mu7 can perform without Ministers.
The Sunday Vision: Got a copy yet?
Am very happy to be with you today jan 25 1971,at a very important hour in the history of our nation.
Here is a look at the inside of the Bombardier CRJ900 planes.
The answer is in your heart, pliz give me a break!
The New Vision is with Dikins Djimi.
#Breaking: Cabinet Secretary; Ole Lenku has just concluded a press briefing saying that 2 terrorists were identified and killed while several have been injured during the ongoing operation this morning.
On 3rd September 2013 Microsoft purchased Nokia for $7.
The Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA) is to deploy a short-term Election Observer Mission to Uganda for the forthcoming general elections.
A Catholic priest, Fr.
The United States prepared to start its Covid-19 vaccination program on Monday as the nation's death toll edged towards 300,000, while Germany announced a partial lockdown over the holidays due to an explosion of cases.
Detailed analysis coming soon.
The Appointing authority chose the right person to clarify the issue.
He is Isiah Katumwa.
Limiting in LGBT rights, abortion rights, and more.
#Undercoverbrothers from Uganda #TakeTheStage.
By Madinah TebajjukiraA SENIOR superintendent of Police in charge of children affairs has asked Parliament to raise the consent age from 18 to 22 years in order to stamp out early marriages.
The project comprises 400,000 solar panels and was built at a cost of about $ 131 Million.
Simply Download the #VisionGroup #Epaper App today via: bit.
When yu kiss yu are just spreading bacteria.
Now, here we go.
'We must use the 2013 election victory to clean up the party.
He was arrested by court bailiff Henry Mukula of Harris Auctioneers and Court Bailiffs in Jinja under civil suit No.
Like many observers point out, it is the ideas and not the money that build a business.
M7 pliz this country is not your private property!
New Vision brings you what President Yoweri Museveni discussed with India's Vice- President Hamid Ansari.
"May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house," George Carlin.
Voting goes on all week Until Saturday, vote as many times as you can!
Two men in #Bweyogerere have been found in possession of mostly household items believed to have been stolen.
be is an mp.
Sejusa says chaotic change is an open option if government behaves recklessly on Electoral reforms.
Why are these guys breaking protocol,don't they know that commissioning and opening new projects such as that one are a preserve of the president?
About 200 Congolese nationals have fled into Uganda following new clashes between government forces and suspected rebels of the Rwanda Interahamwe who have been living in the vast Congolese forests http://see.
He has added that Prof.
In the last 33 years, President Museveni has changed cabinet several times at some time increasing the ministers and creating new dockets.
Her lawyer, Saeed Khalili, described the sentencing as unfair and unreasonable on Twitter.
In Saturday Vision, we bring you the Life & times of Robert Mugabe.
All branches that are not performing will be closed down as part of the reorganization".
A 13yr old boy in Maracha district has reportedly killed his two-year-old cousin to sell his head.
Does Lionel Messi's failure to win trophy with Argentina diminish his Legacy?
Lydia Nadongo 4 u ur confusin 2 names.
Each year, nearly three million people are bitten by poisonous snakes, with an estimated 81,000-138,000 deaths.
 Avoid touching lift buttons and rails with your fingers.
Laba nno lino elisadaasi lya bbaaana.
I will strengthen you and help you; I will uphold you with my righteous right hand.
I read in the New Vision of Tuesday, September 3, 2013 page 4 where the message of the Minister of State for Health, Sarah Opendi, suggested that abortion should be legalised so that women may enjoy full health and also avoid maternal mortality.
Up-country drinking joints will only be allowed to open between 5:00pm and 8:00pm.
#Interstingingineering: A Building That Plays Music When It Rains.
I have been married for 10 years and I feel I can’t go on anymore.
Two priests were found dead in eastern Mexico on Monday hours after they were kidnapped from their church, raising the number of Catholic clergymen killed in the country to 14 since 2012.
Check out and like Pakasa Vision for the story of Seyed Mohammad of Iran Permanent Trade Centre and more.
May God bless the affected families.
Whereever you go , you prove to be an excellent failure even at home you failed to wipe out LRA ,ADF but instead just drove them to cause chaos in the neighbouring States.
Why complain that it is nothing?
The New Vision is with Joseph Ochieno.
The "Beast" here refueling at Westlands Shell Petrol station in Nairobi.
National DIALOGUE TO COST SH 1B.
But even with that sustained pressure, the contest remains without a goal - so far.
Will Thomas Mueller join the scoring party?
It ALL ENDED ARSENAL 5:1 LIVERPOOL somebody correct me if iam wrong.
The New Vision added 10 new photos — with Barugahare John Mackntosh at The New Vision.
Thre'S no typhoid in ug.
I have now seen Natasha, kati oba were is Muhoozi.
💦Several studies have revealed that the burden of water scarcity falls mostly on women and children, who have to travel long distances carrying heavy loads.
The Heads-of-State from the EAC member states on Saturday held a virtual extra-ordinary summit where they discussed the admission of Somalia and the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) into the regional bloc.
''Police and the entire justice sector need to change the way they handle sexual harassment cases against students and girls at large.
He settled in the palace and adapted to life as a prince.
The exercise included collecting rubbish, digging and cleaning trenches -- see more at: https://goo.
Benedict has lived with a pacemaker since 1997, while a brain haemorrhage in 1991 left him blind in his left eye.
The New Vision is with Denis Job Opono.
We have the list in Sunday Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Goods destroyed include timber, furniture and equipment.
The three cabinet Ministers charged over CHOGM funds have denied causing financial loss of sh14bn to the Government in the Speke Resort Hotel Munyonyo construction works.
"The President signed a gazette notification a short while ago dissolving parliament with effect from midnight today," the government spokesman Rajitha Senaratne said.
In the face of recent attacks on the Kenyan military bases in Somalia, Maj.
we shd be talking abt m7 who is stealing frm us.
Police OFFICER ARRESTED OVER KAWEESI MURDER.
Did they think that the syllabus is too short and can actually be well covered in half a day?
Government stops fees increment in all schools.
What a waste of time and money!
Was this for today?
Gilbert Bukenya has said that it is an insult to say that he imitates his former boss President Yoweri Museveni.
We would like to get your thoughts.
The exhumation of what are believed to be remains of a missing person purportedly buried on Angello Kasirye's farm in Bulenga continued Tuesday with police discovering more bones.
The Muslim city cemetery next to Lugogo Indoor Stadium has been fenced off.
It is not a polite request for crying out loud he has no choice don't even waste our time telling us about his refusal he is being held at our pleasure as the saying goes.
Moreover, people with high self-esteem appear to respond more constructively and positively during conflict when they think their partner is committed to the relationship, whereas people with low self-esteem don’t do this even when they believe their partner is committed.
One day after the blast in Haiti's second-largest city of Cap-Haitien, 75 people were confirmed dead in the latest disaster to hit the poverty-wracked Caribbean nation, riven by gang violence and political paralysis.
The bank also shifted its loan application processes to mobile and internet banking platforms.
too little for UN workers.
Did you know that your Social media sites do not have an obligation to enforce “ownership rights” over text, photo and video content that you share on Social Media?
Romance in a Manyata (housing estate of 50 or more huts) by the Karimojong in north eastern Uganda has evolved from forced submission into sex to requesting the admired one for snuff.
What might be the different of being vaccinated and not,?
What a stupid gov't is this!
We need to emphasize morals to build confidence in the employer that our graduates are the best,’’ said Ddumba while accepting his appointment as the new Makerere University VC on Thursday.
Grab your copy of New Vision and get a free Infrastructure pullout.
Netherlands fans watch the action in the market square in Groningen.
Govt to replace choppers lost in Mt.
The deadly virus claimed its seventh victim just a little over a week since its outbreak in the district was first reported by health experts.
Three minutes of added time.
So those fools can't afford to buy themselves Ipads!
Tools have rust buildup on them?
The New Vision is with Sserwano Wannyama Godfrey.
Many hatcheries in Uganda are having chicks ready to be taken but no one willing to restock because prices of poultry products are dropping.
#Teamphionah takes the stage.
What a beautiful way to support your child's dream.
How do you celebrate love?
Live: #HitWishList with Ann Taylor.
Is there any worth in being a second wife?
Madam speaker, u have a point there.
U can choose to learn or not to.
President Yoweri Museveni has revealed that former Tanzanian President Benjamin Mkapa allowed him to build a school in the country for the brotherhood.
We shall need NATO, USAF.
The New Vision is with Wamanya Linus and 4 others.
We must do this on him now.
With all this triggered killings, corruption, nepotism, human Rights abuse?
Universal Networks, which owns DStv’s Channel 117, today issued a statement through DStv apologising for screening the message entitled “Remembering Madiba 1918-2013”.
Bodaboda operators, mechanics, tailors, traders, media owners, vendors, fishermen and salon operators to benefit from new SACCOS fund.
Richard Ochom, who contested as an independent, was late Wednesday declared winner as the first ever elected mayor for the newly created municipality of Kumi in Kumi district.
People power is we the people not red beret or red colour.
Tumukunde has blamed EC for abruptly cancelling campaigns in some districts without consulting the relevant shareholders especially the candidates.
Court heard that on October 19, Dr. Bingi with others still at large in a clinic at Nasuuti village in Mukono Municipality caused the death of a pregnant woman, Florence Nakamya, 23, and her unborn baby.
Prosecution alleges that Uwera on January 10, 2013 reportedly knocked her husband (Nsenga) dead at the entrance of their home in Bugolobi, a Kampala suburb.
This Agreement Will Become Like Jesus' Coming!
Mityana residents petition Museveni over land grabbing .
Badru Kiggundu's affidavit in which is says that the Commission delivered voting materials on time in all but two districts, that is Kampala and Wakiso.
Ladies and Gentlemen meet 26- year-old Benjamin Mayanja.
The fault was caused by third-party software RepricerExpress, which automatically adjusts stock prices to keep them in line with items on other websites.
#Phaneroo: Expectations are at a climax, anticipation is in overdrive, hope is sky rocketing.
It declined from 24% (4,933,271) hectares (ha) of land area in the 1990s to 9% (1,956,664ha) in 2018 according to NFA.
"Covid_19",A BLESSING TO GOVERNMENT OF UGANDA.
The only problem I see here is that your dad married his first girl friend,who is your mum and he had not tasted other women and now that he has,he is going on rampage.
The New Vision is with Amarachi Anisiobi and 14 others.
Appearing before Parliament budget committee, Omach said the increment was because State House was in the past underfunded.
Simply hanging on for as long as possible can improve your upper-body strength.
The proposed $200m (sh732b) Information Communication Technology (ICT) Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) Park in Entebbe is expected to rake in at least sh219.
Witnesses say the fire stared with a loud bang at one of the stores and quickly spread.
Administration of ARVs will, according to the ministry, be carried out irrespective of the recipients’ CD4 level.
The New Vision is with Girbert Lilfather and Jėrö Jae.
The NRM Parliamentary caucus has supported lining up as a mode of election for internal elections and primaries.
A multi-million dollar World Bank-funded project to save Lake Victoria now hangs in balance following serious audit queries.
You remember Bad Black claimed Greenhalgh had business interest in #Juba!
A perfectly preserved baby #mammoth which died 42,000 years ago has been unveiled at the Natural History Museum in #London.
Are HIV positive children safe at school?
Age has taken its toll on both of them bambe.
Passport document for principal applicants .
At least five people have been reported killed after heavily-armed gunmen opened fire in the Ivory Coast resort town of Grand-Bassam, leaving bodies strewn on the beach on Sunday.
Let Speaker of Parliament kneel down and kiss the feet of the most corrupt officials as the full House of Parliament looks, just like Pope did to the South Sudan leaders argues our Sunday Vision columnist.
20L9 with the money said to go towards mobilising masses towards political and socio-economic transformation.
Yes, Chinenye Anelka Ibe, give us the updates about this scenario.
The 44 year-old was taken to hospital in Omaha on Saturday, but passed away on Monday according to hospital officials.
The United Nations Central Emergency Response Fund (CERF) and the International Organization for Migration (IOM) have earmarked $818,000 (about sh3b) in emergency relief for over 120,000 people affected by floods in Uganda.
"The aircraft have been found but they are all burnt.
Can Lampard's men recover from the first half shocker?
An explosion reportedly targeting a Turkish police bus ripped through central Istanbul near a university and tourist sites during the morning rush hour, killing at least two people and injuring eight others, according to media reports.
Uganda to get Internet via satellite- UCC.
A Police detective has lost his job for receiving sh500,000 bribe from Isaac Ojok.
Uganda 1 Kenya 0.
“The Constitution provides no provision on the expulsion of Members of Parliament.
The New Vision added 81 new photos — with John Johnz Sheanimah and Robert Kiggundu.
Air Serbia has said it is helping with the probe.
Does not know how to react!
The deadliest was in 2000 when 425 people were infected.
Residents armed with water buckets, basins and jerrycans put out a fire that burned wooden kiosks in a slum at Banda, Kireka C zone on Monday morning.
Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat.
An amended law that toughens penalties for female genital mutilation to up to 15 years in jail has come into effect, the health ministry announced Sunday.
Parliament debate on the controversial motion on age limit for judges and justices failed to take off yesterday as Speaker Rebecca Kadaga unexpectedly cancelled the plenary sitting leaving Mps stranded-Find out the details in the New Vision-https://vpg.
or do bad things to yourselves coz u want come out as a winner.
That is why Trump knew such wd come to Africa.
Send your contacts, photo & skills 2 pakasa@newvision.
🎥 UGANDA AIRLINES ✈️ TURNS ONE!
Some WHERE IN KAMPALA: A Police officer and a UTODA traffic warden look on as the Mercedes Benz truck UAF 525V, without a wind screen is driven from Katwe via the Clock Tower junction towards Nsambya.
Yet, unlike men who seem to be risk takers, many women are sitting on piles of cash, and they do not know what to do with it, writes Carol Natukunda.
Governor Mike, the latest top official to be hauled in on corruption charges in Kenya, is accused of having benefitted from irregular procurement and payments of.
Born on February 24, 1933 in Mombasa, Kenya Mazrui studied in Columbia University, University of Oxford, University of Manchester, Nuffield College, Oxford.
The boy who rode a bicycle from Arua to Kampala after deciding enough was enough with digging every day for hours at home!
The Ethiopian Human Rights Commission has said that Eritrean soldiers massacred over 100 civilians in the war-torn region of Tigray in November, in what may amount to crimes against humanity.
#Visionupdates Formerly a Brigadier, Deputy Police chief, Muzeyi Sabiiti is now a Major General 👉.
Noah Ngeny, who quit his position on the athletics governing body last week, told me that some officials had turned a blind eye to doping.
Bake for 50 minutes to 1 hour at 350°F (175°C), or until a tester inserted into the center comes out clean.
Namugongo - Anglican and Catholic bishops are holding joint prayers Tuesday morning at the Uganda Martyr’s shrine in Namugongo.
Thank you Mr. Male for the great service.
When is the hearing ?
Police in Kasese have foiled a child marriage and arrested seven suspects from two families who were in the process of negotiating a marriage between two minors aged 17 and 14.
May God continue to strengthen your life!
But is that money safe?
The Nigeria squad that won the first Fifa Under-16 World championship have been rewarded after a 30-year wait.
The government Chief Whip Ruth Nankabirwa has dismissed media reports that the NRM caucus to convene over the weekend will determine the next Speaker of Parliament.
The Bujagali Hydro power project, a 250-megawatt power plant on River Nile near Jinja town, is to be commissioned Monday afternoon on the eve of 50th Independence anniversary.
Check your Perfect partner now >> http://is.
The four-day conference at Speke Resort Munyonyo came up with a number of resolutions, including major ones focused on eradicating negative cultural practices, especially female genital mutilation and early marriages.
But with all this talk, how ready is the Uganda Civil Aviation Authority and Entebbe Airport to receive the returnees?
Now days leaders behave like children!
The campaign coordinated by Yudaya Babirye, a managing partner with Metro Green, working in partnership with Jinja Municipal Council (JMC) and the Private Sector will see over seventy buildings painted.
How many employed by the factories?
Women battle a violent Police Officer in India.
Otherwise such destruction will always come up.
The council passed a vote of ‘no confidence’ in Lule, reportedly because of what was regarded as his dictatorial manner.
The Ministry of Health has received COVID-19 testing kits and masks worth €520,000 (sh2b) to boost the country’s diagnostic capacity in the fight against the pandemic.
During the 1966 war my father left home.
Be sure to get yourself a copy of the New Vision for your free pull out.
Can Express replicate their performances of the ‘90s in CAF competitions?
A woman who was arrested for reportedly protesting the removal of the presidential age limit from constitution alleges that she was tortured by the Police -- see more at: https://goo.
#Syria'S president #Assad sworn in for new 7 year 3rd term.
8b (Euros 16m) of aid to Uganda on grounds that it is being mismanaged.
#Blackfriday Madness in UG.
The health ministry has registered more COVID-19 community infections from six districts in Uganda.
Wabula we need Jesus to intervene.
Ask KIPROTICH: Vision Group will in the next 24 hours have a full interview with Gold medalist Stephen Kiprotich.
What police can do is wishing not promising.
Al-Shabaab: US Embassy in Kampala issues Uganda terror attack warning to all Western nationals.
18mn) payment to ex-wife Daniella Semaan (C), pictured here with Cesc Fabregas (R).
Digital Tax Stamp (DTS) helps consumers to verify the genuineness of the product and stamp by simply; looking out for the physical security features on the stamp.
Grab your yourself a copy or subscribe to our e-paper on the link, .
29m on top of their usual average unit cost of sh2.
Has he done that role before ?
In today's New Vision, find the measures UPDF has put in place to stop these rebels from coming back.
Now all this young handsome guys are gona, be single, Who Marry Us?
The Government is to hold a crisis meeting over displaced persons in Kasese district.
Keep us from stumbling or straying into harm's way.
Video: Earlier Today, Col.
Mogadishu today hosted the 28th IGAD Extraordinary Heads of State Summit".
Aronda Nyakairima has assured Ugandans that the country is secure and that there is no cause for alarm over reports of some soldiers deserting the army.
Wat pipo av failed 2 knw z God cn make u much perpect than u r nw.
Help each other with chores and other necessary, if banal, activities cooking, cleaning, re-organizing, etc.
We are there don't worry.
Uganda records an estimated 100,000 malaria related deaths per year with children being the majority, the minister of health, Dr. Christine Ondoa, has said.
The Easter season comes with lots of socializing and parties.
I have learnt not to go by majority, Jesus had a team of 12 but up to day He is a conqueror of all times.
“They are bloodsuckers,” he stressed.
If u can’t clean up afew drainage channels .
What practical solutions do you think can end the crisis in Kasese?
Protests break out across USA of police killing of another black man; Eric Garner.
Watoto Childcare Ministries has been dragged to court over fraudulent transfer of ownership of 179 acres of land, which belonged to Eric Kiyuba Njuki Ganja in Kakiri, Wakiso district.
Makerere University's has instituted a computer system designed to track the performance of graduate students and their respective supervisors as the institution moves the fight against backlog to the fore.
Chicks r nt yet hatched let wait 2 see!
She dsvd firin squad.
' - a harrowing account of postnatal depression!
Read New Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Check poster for details!
Relatives and medics told Reuters on Wednesday that at least six people were killed in the protests against fuel subsidy cuts.
Days after incumbent Speaker Rebecca Kadaga signalled that she would be vying to retain the Speakership seat, her deputy, Jacob Oulanyah, vowed that it was ‘his turn to be Speaker’.
or you think we are not watching you hypocrites.
Budget: Front Page of today's NEW VISION.
How does a president of a party sale out his people in hypocrisy.
Hospitals back to life!
The New Vision added 8 new photos — with Enock Kakande.
Joshua Cheptegei is not short of surprises - just like the proverbial phoenix.
Never let it rest.
5 trillion) in July 2020 to $300.
Igg, u shld know ur limits.
If Kampala ,then what about upcountry, God bless poor UG.
Power up your home, office, or factory with Chloride Excide, your energy solutions for all.
Find out more in the New Vision today 👉 #EPAPER: is.
Mp Kateshumbwa wants Government to review the telecommunication regulatory framework to protect investors after Africell exit.
China has decided to end its decades-long one-child policy, Xinhua news agency reports.
Naye gundi ye affa ddi!
"The decision is not only an error but also a disgrace to the previous parliament," said Alice Alaso Asianut ANT National Coordinator Alliance.
The Taj Mahal reopened to visitors today, as Indian authorities loosened restrictions following an easing in the country's devastating recent coronavirus surge.
Police battling stone trwowing people who want to access the burnt Owin Parkyard area.
It sounds like science fiction: unmanned drones carrying emergency medicine zooming above the rolling hills of Rwanda.
The Uganda People's Defence Force has expressed disappointment in the US Government sanctions against the CMI chief, Abel Kandiho.
So let's not point fingers,one will point to da person n religion, what about da four fingers?
Incrse saralies of medcL atendnts ofuge 4 lyf.
1 million dollar #NobelPrize.
#Editor update us about the court proceeding not something happening thousands of miles away!
N) and T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS.
Dorcus Inzikuru and Moses Kipsiro still have a mountain to climb before they get back to the kind of form that made them World and Commonwealth champions.
Both sides have had chances thus far.
Issah Ndimurukundo a truck driver from Burundi passed on at the hospital after being admitted yesterday morning as he developed some symptoms of Rift Valley Fever.
What kind of vicious cycle are we dealing with here?
The New Vision is with Christopher Erick.
The Police has blamed telecom companies for frustrating the fight against crime.
Uganda and South Africa are backing the delay of the trial of three Kenyan ministers wanted by the International Criminal Court (ICC) over their role in the 2008 post-election violence: http://ow.
Ousted Kampala Lord Mayor Erias Lukwago has run to court to stop Electoral Commission from organizing the Kampala Mayoral by-election.
My husband is a very nice man, but he is too much attached to his parents.
Tony Burton, who starred in the Rocky films as the legendary trainer of both Apollo Creed and Rocky Balboa, has died.
' - Max Mugarura Sherurah writes.
The charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity include murder, rape, keeping sex slaves and recruiting child soldiers.
Are they the only districts in the region going through the above challenges?
If they can't come out and condemn senseless killings and political opponents witch hunts then they will not be in position to inspire people to have mutual respect for one another.
A worldwide buzz about Saturday's showdown between Filipino icon Manny Pacquiao and unbeaten US star Floyd Mayweather has brought a special spark to a small rural upstate New York town.
Parliament of Uganda has reduced the number of workers who physically report to the office to 20% as part of the measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19.
wali olowooza waliwo asobola omukubbako.
The devastating news comes after the Saudi Arabian government declared on October 11 that Ugandan Muslims who had planned to travel to Mecca would not go due to an earlier outbreak of Ebola haemmorrhagic fever in the country.
Yet nothing is the way Katniss wishes it to be.
Jurors on Monday awarded wrestling star Hulk Hogan a total of $140 million -- $25 million more than he was granted last week over a sex tape posted by entertainment website Gawker.
If addressed will the grievances raised by the students stem the riots and strikes at Makerere?
We have the analysis.
At these times, ask your child to describe how he/ she would feel from being hit.
The passengers, in a 17-vehicle convoy, were ambushed by a youthful group of Kony rebels about 17 miles from Karuma bridge, killing 21 people, injuring 68 and abducting 50.
The New Vision added 8 new photos — at Centenary Park.
As Ugandans go into polls in 2021, anti-graft Civil Society Organisations say there is a need to track down the actions of the politicians in order to avoid corruption tendencies.
“We have received intelligence information that, there are opposition leaders mobilizing people in Kisseka, Owino, and Nakasero markets, Kasangati and Kalerwe to engage in criminal acts, including burning vehicles and Police units, and unlawful processions,” she said in a public statement.
Time Warner -- one of the mainstays of the industry with its channels including TNT, Cartoon Network, WB and HBO -- has seen its stock come under heavy pressure since lowering its outlook in its last quarterly update.
Janat Achola comes on 3rd August and Kiprotich on 7th .
Her brother came home and picked her and the family assured her that if she decides to leave me, they will support her in her.
I don't think so,this i s inaccurate reporting but why don't your reporters carry out investigate reporting?
This month is dedicated to promoting breastfeeding.
Instead of abusing the honourable mp,pipo shd think abt making themselves more relvant in governace like odonga.
Although one girl said Glaser has never abused them, another one said he had done so.
The government, through its public service ministry, has released salaries for Kabale Regional Hospital staff who had abandoned work over the matter.
In a statement issued Sunday by the assistant Inspector General of Police Asan Kasingye, the incident was blamed on the officers’ poor judgment.
None of his business let me wait for mine!
Kampala 'kaveera' juice fails UNBS quality test.
So Africa leaders shd wake up just.
"Bobi Wine has been a very obedient person and I believe in him because he has come to create peace and harmony.
The New Vision is with Mackline Katushabe.
However, US District Judge Lucy Koh ordered a retrial because she said that jury miscalculated the amount Samsung must pay.
Women leaders from the central region want the Government to introduce a new law legalising cohabitation for couples who have lived together for over 10 years-http://bit.
It has been either a Kenyan or a Ugandan in the top three finishing slots of every race in the ninth edition.
What is your take on this ?
Read about how he has made it.
She was bed-ridden for two years brought down by the dreaded HIV/AIDS.
The New Vision is with Patrick Bwango and 2 others.
Zimbabwe’S government is to send teams overseas in an attempt to get the country’s diaspora to invest about $1bn (£705m) in its ailing economy this year, the Bloomberg news agency reports.
THIS IS A GREAT SHAME.
Like Jack William Nicklaus once said “People only do their best at things they truly enjoy.
I expect you to spell check your work or else employ me received not recieved.
In 2013, life expectancy for women in Japan was 86.
Over 2,500 women under detention, have committed offences, mainly against their husbands and co-wives as a result of violence against them.
At times i dont believe yo pics .
u r analysis doesn't add up.
Kizza Besigye seeking orders to be unconditionally released from his home detention by the police and other security organs.
Drinking beer or even sipping on a cocktail hours before you work out is no good.
Is it a good decision to bury Kasese clashes victims in a mass grave?
Inzzi says "Ugandans should pray very hard for me".
Join the conversation on the National School Healthy Policy.
Former Makerere University Vice-Chancellor Professor Venansius Baryamureeba has been unanimously voted as the founding chairperson of the Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA) Innovation Council.
Fdc'S Bamukwatsa Betty Muzanira is the woman MP elect for Rukungiri district.
President Kaguta Museveni is addressing a national press conference.
"No man is an island, entire of itself; every man is a piece of the continent," John Donne.
The New Vision is with Edmond Kyanzi and 2 others.
This time they added a little twist, and crossed over from the blossoming talent recognitions to include, personalities and categories that have been left out for ages, yet they have over the years undoubtedly contributed to the development of Uganda.
Grab THE New Vision for more#EPAPER - https://vpg.
The Cranes fans (17 in number), including MP Nsereko, will soon be boarding a plane headed to Dubai.
Christmas beach fatalities in Entebbe every single year could have been avoided this time round”.
"Salva Kiir has said he will meet directly with former vice president Machar," US ambassador Samantha Power told UN Security Council talks on the four-month-old conflict.
Yet us not relate this lssue with politics, even developed countries like America with good roads have accident.
President Yoweri Museveni has today come good on a government pledge of two billion shillings towards the reconstruction of the Kasubi Tombs culturally known as the Muzibu Azaala Mpanga.
The Katikiro hosted the EALA Speaker, Margaret Zziwa at his office in Bulange Mengo.
Tanzania is holding about 500 suspected sex workers and nearly 300 of their alleged customers in detention as part of a crackdown on prostitution.
Moses Ali national celebrations happened today in Yumbe district.
Despite massive publicity and advertisement for the 'Save Mamuli Katumba Charity Walk' held Sunday in Kampala to fundraise money to help send veteran Kadongokamu singer Mamuli Katumba fly to India for an operation, only a handful of artistes turned up for the event.
Why not M7 wth Deaf Students in Wakiso district yesto.
Where'S the minister of works?
Wishing him full recovery.
Let me reserve my coment.
The Allied Democratic Forces (ADF) rebels killed 15 students who had been held captive after the massacre at the school.
Read for pleasure (nothing work related).
Judge Ralph Ocan has ordered the release of four of the 24 Buganda riots suspects because there was no evidence to incriminate them.
The contentious land was originally registered as Kyadondo Block 216 Plot 22.
We should accept reality its here to stay like AIDS.
Three children and five women are among the eight who died in the shooting at the military police barracks outside Uganda's capital, Kampala.
We shall share these photos with other enthusiasts and on December 20, 2014, we shall come up with the top destinations in Uganda as decided by you, our readers.
Out goes September and in comes October.
Kabarole District has registered 32 cases of the new COVID-19 variants.
Do you think the coming general elections will be free & fair?
Get yourself a copy of the New Vision this Friday, 11th June.
The New Vision is with Joseph Dembe Ssenvuma and 2 others.
As long fifa elect Enginer Magogo as a new president, i wl not b un happy w them.
President Joe Biden and his Ukrainian counterpart Volodymyr Zelensky will speak by phone on Sunday, both sides confirmed, after the US leader again warned that Russia's Vladimir Putin would face a tough response |https://bit.
Even the winds and the waves obey him"!
A 27-year-old man has been sentenced to 50 years in prison for his role in a 2009 robbery and murder of his master in Kiruhura district.
Of the those arrested 20 were picked for allegedly vandalizing vehicles, 10 for fighting after getting drunk; 80 for pick pocketing and 20 for traffic related offences, according to Kampala police spokesperson Ibin Ssenkumbi.
Read this moving story HERE:.
The US$620 million project that was launched by President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni in August 2014 had stalled due to numerous challenges affecting the project.
All in one day?
The entire ministry of health is just rotten, whether it is the health centers, the hospitals, or the ministry itself.
The Shabaab released a statement taking responsibility for killing "10 crusaders among them secret security agents and government employees".
Uganda People’s Congress (UPC) party has called upon the government to embark on civic education ahead of the 2021 elections.
What is your comment ?
Crime WATCH: Commander Kampala Metropolitan Police Mwesigwa Frank has advised officers that the Police profession is not just a job.
President Yoweri Museveni has launched a bursary scheme targeting 600 beneficiaries from the Albertine Region.
“We have no option, but to postpone it to next year".
Uganda Parliament has passed a Shs12 trillion budget for the Financial Year 2013/2014.
Hmmm kuzino boda ezirimuno u expect some fools 2 walk!
After my elder brother (Chameleone) joined music, he enticed me to follow in his footsteps; an action that dad criticised.
Grab a free copy in Saturday Vision here-https://vpg.
May Your will prevail and Your light be a lamp unto our feet to guide us in ways.
The project has trained health care providers in 55 health facilities in 28 districts of Eastern Uganda and Acholi sub- region about community mobilisation for health insurance.
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola says winning the Premier League would be sweeter than ever given the intense schedule faced by top-flight teams this season.
Never juge a book by its cover.
What is your take on this?
Dc z jst bulsheet!
The other amendments passed by NRM MPs currently concluding the retreat at National Leadership Institute in Kyankwanzi include the proposal to widen the KCCA jurisdiction to include areas of Entebbe, Mukono and Kayunga and to tame land usage in the city by vesting the authorization to develop both private and public land in the hands KCCA.
Leverdez of France beats Ekiring 2-0 (21-12, 21-11) in badminton singles.
This story is developing.
Who is driving the agenda.
The Government has deployed regional risk disaster officers in all disaster prone areas in the country to handle those affected by floods that have ravaged the country, Musa Ecweru, the state minister of refugees and disaster preparedness, has said.
Activists have called for a woman President in Uganda and a 50% representation in Government leadership positions.
That'S Aringobom in Alerek sub county Abim District.
The Uganda National Bureau of Standards has proposed stringent measures to check distribution and supply of alcohol.
Raise the money and help the orphans.
Buyaga West County MP Barnabas Tinkasimire has been admitted at Mulago National Referral Hospital after collapsing on seeing the state of his injured wife.
Arthur Sserwanga and Ernest Fenelon of PEP USA.
My friend Bossssco Is Difficult To Get With,i Dont Know How He Is Gonna Solve This.
So,it z better to withdrawl from that place athawise things likely to go Sour.
Australia said it had been informed and would try to locate the objects.
Yuasa Motors offices was raided today by a security team lead by Kampala RDC Samuel Hashaka.
The New Vision is with Ocheng David and 8 others.
As several political blocs start to build up ahead of the 2016 general polls, the former vice-president, Prof.
"It was decided to headhunt suitable persons" to replace Robert Kabushenga, says Vision Group board chairperson Patrick Ayota.
What next for Bukasa residents who are facing eviction?
The two women, Phiona Mutesi and Proscovia Oromait joined other women who include Julian Gillard, Australia’s premier, former US secretary of state Hillary Clinton, Melinda Gates, wife of American Billionaire Bill Gates, Malawi president Joyce Banda and International Criminal Court prosecutor Fatou Bensouda among others.
Pictures By Ronnie Kijjambu.
Sisters of St Paul the publishers celebrated 50 years in Uganda at the occasion led by Paul Nuncio to Uganda.
Is the family already asking for help or that will be in another post?
Is ipod is a trusted legitimate voice for all parties?
Thomas Tuchel admitted Chelsea rode their luck as the Premier League leaders survived a spluttering display to snatch a 2-1 win against Watford on Wednesday.
The Friday night road accident along the Kampala-Masaka highway involving the bus and a lorry also left many other passengers injured.
“Bukenya is helping us to weaken the NRM party.
After the review, residents who will be found to have been paid less will be given more money, Dan Alinange, the spokesperson of the Uganda National Roads Authority (UNRA), said.
Opposition members including Olara Otunnu & Sam Lubega being doused in coloured water earlier today after clashing with police over a planned rally in central Kampala.
Three Police officers attached to a city police post were on Wednesday arrested for allegedly sharing about sh70m that had been recovered from suspected robbers http://ow.
Convicted Mexican drug lord Joaquin "Chapo" Guzman has appealed against his life sentence handed down a year ago by a US court for trafficking hundreds of tons of narcotics into the country.
Is it age or mpaka.
Now that the accidents along this road have reduced, does that mean that ghosts fled the road?
Relationship Tip: Volunteer together.
He also served as Attorney General and Minister of Justice.
Residents of Ngora district, in eastern Uganda, have been concerned about unusual activity characterised by heat, cracks and rumblings on Ngora rock.
She will be buried on Sunday at Nyakatoke, Rugombe, Mwenge in Kyenjojo district.
What is wrong with Africa!
Read about how John Ssebaana Kizito's built his business empire in Pakasa Vision today.
Bwanika also lamented that there is growing usage of illegal and addictive drugs and narcotics among secondary school students in the country and urban schools in particular.
In INTIMATE: Gospel Artiste Exodus speaks about Family; He says Real men do not abandon family and responsibilities.
"No, I hate selfies," the popular royal said in the one scheduled public event of his month in Australia, during which he will be embedded with Australian soldiers in Sydney, Darwin and Perth.
Uganda Cranes are the DSTV Cecafa Senior Cup Challenge Champions for the 14th time after humbling Rwanda 1:0 after Ceasar Okhuti put the cranes in the lead in the 14th min.
Ugandans please, Make another new trading center, don't insist and squeeze your selves in one location.
The Uganda People’s Congress (UPC) has expressed disappointment over President Yoweri Museveni's denouncement of the International Criminal Court (ICC) on Tuesday in Kenya.
How do we teach them to gain an enthusiasm for work?
Did you know that the Democratic Party is one of the oldest in Uganda?
Iganga Hospital has acquired a digital X-ray machine that works with better efficiency.
By Hillary NsambuTHE Constitutional Court has rejected a petition to abolish bride price in Uganda.
The New Vision is with Richard Odongo and 18 others.
The New Vision added a new photo — at Kampala Serena Hotel.
But I'm so mad at those who died with life jackets but not fastened,they were just dancing as if it's for decoration I'm so mad at them for dieing like that.
Come support the noble cause of beautifying Uganda Martyrs Shrine, Namugongo, ahead of Pope Francis' visit in November.
Have a better caption?
Kcca efforts to light up city streets are encountering setbacks as thugs vandalized the street lighting system.
Pole sana Uganda "IN KAGAME WE TRUST "mind on ur bussiness.
She and the recruiter had a nice talk.
Beside, all the non-Muslim community should also has to realize that there are around 1.
Here is the chance you've been waiting for,contact us now to start living a better and excellent life.
Self help is help self.
The headteacher Robinah Kizito Katongole has assured parents and the public of students’ safety.
Three KILLED IN POLICE, BODA BODA CLASH.
“But many of them were not quite prepared, hopefully by net year they would have improved their act”.
Muslims to build sh4b mosque at Namugongo-https://vpg.
“In the first wave, it took us three to four months to get to the full-blown pandemic, while in the 2nd wave, it has taken us less than 10 days”.
never and ever will be and its stil yet the begining.
#Sudanese President Omar Hassan al-Bashir, wanted by the International Criminal Court on genocide charges, said on Sunday he planned to attend this week's U.N. General Assembly in New York.
This kind of headline is very bad for Tourism and investment.
At 32 years old Alex Ssempira runs a nascent empire of six businesses without having once taken out a bank loan.
Gift hampers to be given to the winning children today.
The two rivals, who first shook hands and then prayed together, "agreed that immediately all hostile activities will stop within 24 hours from the signing of this agreement".
He said: "An upwardly mobile, confident, Western-leaning and young consumer class bodes well for an American burger boom".
Curfew should start at midnight.
Kipsiro down-but-not-out and returns Wednesday for 5000m "semis" then final Saturday.
0% for India and Uganda, respectively.
This explains why we part-time at several schools," a teacher told New Vision.
Why is Enhans still being the ones to handle everything.
Download the Jumia APP here.
17 year-old school girl commits suicide after being dumped by boyfriend: http://cot.
The New Vision is with Principal Matsiko and 2 others.
If it was Ug, FDC would have put it on NRM !
How does one begin by buying a car of $25,000 is first by having the financial muscle or capacity.
Under Jurgen Klopp, #Liverpool have scored more top-flight goals against #Watford (27 in 9 games) than they have against any other team in the league.
Your tone of voice, your body language, and your every expression are absorbed by your kids.
Patrols are on standby.
Kiprotich: Uganda has been troubled for a very long time but I have had no trouble this time.
The flight, with 239 people on board, went missing after taking off from Kuala Lumpur 8 March.
After today’s court session, FUFA Legal committee boss Alex Luganda could not hide his excitement.
More than a week after Typhoon Rai cut a swathe through, killing nearly 400 people and leaving hundreds of thousands homeless.
In SUNDAY XTRA: RESTORING HOPE FOR CHILDREN WITH HIV .
Rewards of supporting .
The New Vision is with Juma Muhammed.
He should be killed right away.
The award that is said to recognize young blossoming stars, the Raising Stars Awards was at it again, for the second time, at Sheraton Hotel.
Lm with u madam Hon.
Zari and Diamond: Are they back together?
While growing up my parents told me about the gruesome kidnaps and murders in Uganda’s past, I’m an adult now and I’m witnessing it in my time and will tell about it to my own children!
In XTRA : Excelling beyond disability: The story of MP Alex Ndeezi .
Godfrey Mabirizi’s body will be laid to rest at his ancestral home in Nabingo today February 27, 2014.
Has PRAYER TIME TURNED INTO A WAR ZONE?
This has been a long awaited fight, The bout that looms as one of the most anticipated in boxing history is finally on.
Will Kaliisa retain Ibanda MP seat as independent?
But now, I have left when it has wings, says Gen.
So were all the eye witnesses bribed to say the same thing?
The New Vision is with Wasswa Arafat and 8 others.
Usa world super power!
Why won't police just quiz them without u making a headline out of this and still every survivor will be quizzed.
For more of this, Like Pakasa Vision for more.
Here is the face of the New Vision this morning.
In THE BEAT: We explore the 'INEMBA: THE DANCE OF MEN'.
There comes a point where we need to stop just pulling people out of the river.
The day the umbrella of rebels will turn upside down is when we shall observe no peace in ug,keep on welcomg them.
Access the SATURDAY VISION #EPAPER on your mobile here-https://vpg.
Raymond Tomlinson, widely credited as the inventor of modern email, died Saturday.
The charges stemmed from millions of dollars received by the toppled strongman from Saudi Arabia.
IF YES,SEND ME YOUR OFFICIAL NAMES, AND EMAIL VIA WHATSAPP TO >>>0725123492 I WILL OFFER TRAINING FOR THE WILLING INDIVIDUALS TO GET THEM STARTED.
The 1-1 draw against the Black Stars and 2-0 win over Guinea have moved Uganda six places to a joint 81st position with Morocco in the World and 20th in Africa according to the latest FIFA World rankings released on Thursday.
All set for Pakasa Forum this weekend.
Following the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, hotel occupancy rates dropped from an average of 58% to as low as 5% last year, a study by the tourism ministry revealed.
"Develop an attitude of gratitude, and give thanks for everything that happens to you, knowing that every step forward is a step toward achieving something bigger and better than your current situation," Brian Tracy.
The truth is, no couple can be in a long distance relationship for forever.
Prime Minister Robinah Nabbanja has told Isingiro residents that the Government will upgrade the 109km Isingiro-Ntantamuki-Rakai road.
but God is doing His work!
Welcome to #GameOnX: We discuss major happenings in the world of sport!
In what would be the second time they perform here this year, Kenyan afro-pop band group Sauti Sol return for yet another show dubbed “The Frost Party” http://ow.
The New Vision is with Mpaata Collinz and Ssimbwa Eriah.
On the eve of the presidential and parliamentary elections, government switched off social media.
What would happen upon loan default?
The New Vision is with Ivan Salvado Akaikai and 3 others.
If I die today don't you think the country will miss me?
may u RIP doctor .
In his letter to the University’s Secretary of the appointments Board, Prof.
Live LC1 for the villagers to decide which one is better to take the village on board.
The kibet's are real.
Handling the Namugongo (Martyrs Day) event successfully proved a point,” Museveni said.
Get your copy of the Sunday Vision for details.
#Christmas week is here, good people!
He lazily goes for the ball with feet - like the efforts of a kid who doesn't want to go into goal at training.
Domnic Ongwen will be tried at the ICC in the Hague.
Find out what they discussed in today’s New Vision.
Convoys of Israeli tanks and armed infantry carriers now rolling south toward Gaza border.
The Football Association of Zambia (FAZ) is not leaving anything to chance and decided to dispatch its vice-president, Boniface Mwamelo to check on the facilities in Kampala less than a month before the Chipolopolo play the crucial 2013 AFCON qualifier against Uganda.
Thanks for reminding me once again.
We ask the public to adopt celebrations in small groups and look for other alternatives of ushering the New year within their homes’ – Fred Enanga.
Picture of the day along Kampala road.
Please do not use examples of America.
The New Vision is with Reagan Ronald.
I honestly think, Uganda should have set up a paper manufacturing company.
African leaders commit efforts to fight ADF-https://vpg.
The development comes as Parliament debates the controversial Public Order Management Bill 2011.
Get a free copy in Saturday Vision #EPAPER- https://epaper.
The call was made by the special Presidential Assistant and also the National Resistance Movement special mobiliser Susan Nantumbwe during the launch of Mbuya in Peace Veterans Cooperative Society in Kinawataka on Saturday.
This was after Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) had submitted a list of wetland encroachers.
Bishop Samuel Stephen Kazimba Mugalu, of Mityana Diocese, is the new Archbishop.
14Th March, 2013: Newly elected Pope Francis held his first mass in the Sistine Chapel, delivering his homily to the Cardinals.
Click on link for details;.
Inset is Jesse before he received the fateful treatment.
Today in History: On March 25,1993, fifteen feuding Somali factions agreed to set up a federal-style system.
Bodies of hostages & terrorists buried in the rabble.
Vision Group is set to hold the third edition of the Pakasa Forum on the 10th May this year at the Kampala Parents School Auditorium.
The Vicar General of Kampala Archdiocese, Msgr Charles Kasibante has asked Ugandans to avoid misunderstanding culture as some have started confuse others as they want them to take them to Satan.
Mobile telecom service providers have registered over six million SIM cards in the first phase of the nationwide exercise in the past six months.
Trump'S stealth digital campaign, thrown together hastily in the final months of the campaign, allowed the Republican billionaire to fine-tune his message and reach voters in crucial Rust Belt states that gave him an Electoral College majority.
Grab yourself a copy or subscribe to our #EPAPER; bit.
The New Vision added 12 new photos.
In a bid to curb crime and take services closer to the people, the Uganda Police has sub-divided west Nile region.
Entry is only 10,000 per child.
This means all students with Makerere University's admission letters will get the qualification certificates from Makerere.
She has been a victim of poverty just like many millions of Ugandan girls and boys out there.
During the session, Hon Abike Dabiri-Erewa from Lagos, sponsored a motion yesterday titled: Xenophobic Attacks on Africans in South Africa in which she argued that the House was disturbed by the constant, unwarranted attacks against African migrants in South Africa.
Kiyonga to arange the return of the body of #GenAronda from Dubai.
Get ready for ouolice Brutality!
From delayed connections, to load shedding and billing complaints, customers seem irritated.
He replaces Prof Lutalo Bbosa, who has been at the helm of the examinations body for nine years.
Breaking: NSSF board chairman Ivan Kyayonka dead.
8% in April, the Uganda Bureau of Statistics (UBOS) said, leaving it above the bank's medium target of 5%.
-Dr Samuel Luzobe’s narrative: The quest for a PhD: victory the ultimate reward #EPAPER via - bit.
Surely, these animals should not be treated like that b'se they also feel pain.
1863 - Samuel & Florence Baker meet John Speke & James Grant at Gondokoro (South Sudan).
This comes days after a contention arose over KIU’s awarding of 42 PhDs to its students.
In today's New Vision, we bring to you the update on Ivan Ssemwanga.
South Sudan bans foreign workers.
So we should delay?
I feel yo pain man.
Grab a free copy inside the New Vision -https://epaper.
Drawing board ,even if u go back the board is full of drawings and they were drawn in pen colour no rubbing is allowed thxx sir.
The New Vision is with Peter Rotich and Ak Martinez.
7b in preparation for the planned 2013 national census, the Government has once again cancelled the project.
Tom Hardy, Kenneth Branagh and Mark Rylance co-star, with longtime Nolan collaborator Hans Zimmer providing the score.
The New Vision is with Akon Ndoye and 3 others.
Explain any changes in routine in advance.
Let's build a good road and make Kajjansi look good as a highway town," said Dan Alinange.
Five members of staff of the Parliament of Uganda have returned positive results after random tests were carried out for COVID-19.
I do not have any obligation' - Fr.
The director of the International Police in Uganda, Asan Kasingye, said they are investigating circumstances under which musician Iryn Namubiru went through Entebbe Airport and flew to Japan with illicit drugs.
New Vision has the court ruling and more.
This was said by Riza Alaboyun, Minister of Energy and Natural Resources of Turkey.
Buy and read the #EPAPER via - bit.
Oba yabadde ennonya change.
Kadaga defeated Persis Namuganza, the lands state minister to retain her position with 6,776 votes against Namuganza's 3,882 after a tough campaign.
Farmers engaged in the growing and supply of grain for the breweries industry are counting losses amounting to sh19b since government ordered the closure of bars and night clubs in March this year in a campaign to avert the spread of COVID -19.
This is so annoying!
He turns 55 tomorrow.
After a long tour of the country, President Yoweri Museveni has concluded his journey.
Haaaaaaaaa aa, since M7 n China gain out of it at the price if many deaths.
Katumba Wamala's wife, Catherine, has been left distraught by the double tragedy in her family after Tuesday's fatal shooting.
Women provide the bulk of labour input in African agriculture, regularly quoted at around 60%-80%, by the World Bank.
6 million Catholics, who had spent five years in the hands of apostolic administrator, Dr. Emmanuel Obbo, the Archbishop of Tororo Archdiocese.
Museveni joins nine other Heads of State and Government .
What do you think about the development?
The victim is among 1700 students expected to graduate at the university's 11th graduation this Saturday.
A police officer shot himself dead in his house at a city police barracks after a weekend fling that ended badly.
The New Vision is in Kakira, Jinja, Uganda.
They are sending me away because of a million then 165m?
Kenyans are least romantic in East Africa, a survey by research firm Ipsos-Synovate ahead of Valentine’s Day showed.
Peter Bakaluba Mukasa's journey from village priest to billionaire.
The journalism was curious to ask wat was e work of those doctors u sent in dubai.
He is so shameless that he even calls our spouses for money to take care of his young family.
In Today's NEW VISION.
It feels easy when u a thinking about it, not utill u act.
According to the Police, the house help who was tasked with looking after the children, is believed to have been watching television when the children escaped from her sight and headed for the swimming pool.
After fighting for nearly two hours, the Rwandans kidnapped an army corporal and went home, he said.
"Some help to dry mukene (silver fish) or go to spread-out fishing nets", Peter Odeke, LCI chairman, Mutumba landing site.
Beautiful girl though it would have been fitting to rock an Afrocentric outfit.
The Founder of CEDA international, Rehmah Kasule and Makerere University Chancellor, Prof.
Even the blind can see that he’s waiting to see if the vaccine is life threatening.
Now homosexuality z knocking on their doors.
•He will co-ordinate security before and during the conference, notifying the IGP about the conference and liaising with other security agencies.
#Prosecutor killed by ADF!
Education and sports Minister, in a statement, said her Ministry maintains the position that no student shall be allowed to possess a mobile phone in school for whatever reason.
Is the Climate Bill going to be loaded on a very fast truck?
Tribal politics are very dangerous!
There is alot of messy things happening that need Uganda media to have objective criticism but you do your own useless things.
Fire ebere kumpi labba wiring yamasanyalazze mazima its unsafe to sit in such a building.
(Read more on this here >>https://bit.
President Yoweri Museveni arrived in the Algerian Capital Algiers for a four day State visit at the invitation of his counterpart President Abudelaziz Bouteflika that will see Uganda open its first ever mission in the north African country and seek to strengthen relations in education, trade and cooperation in the oil and gas sector to boost Uganda’s exports.
Al shabab Commander in Kismayo acting as spokesperson has denied reports that there is female among the attackers and said he can neither confirm nor deny that among the “Mujahedeen” are nationals from the Europe or USA.
He said everything was fine and there was no rush to be intimate.
Midas travels & tours offers you, Undergraduate study in canada.
Government should have at least reserved public transport in it's domain!
Realy toooo much money.
Kenya, who were represented by Posta won the event and a trip to Anfield in May with Uganda finishing second and Tanzania third.
Raytheon Co., his employer, on Sunday confirmed his death.
It had its headquarters in Entebbe, but ceased operations in 2001 when Uganda Airlines Corporation was liquidated.
But Stephen Kiprotich took the Olympic Marathon gold medal back to Uganda.
Angola, a member of OPEC and Africa's second largest oil exporter after Nigeria, relies on crude export revenues for more than 90 percent of foreign exchange revenues.
The Nabagereka of Buganda, Sylvia Nagginda yesterday launched the elimination of Mother to Child Transmission (EMCT) Option B+ programme to protect unborn babies.
The installation of upgraded traffic signals has began and KCCA expects to complete it within two weeks.
Already the farm is generating a good income and employing thousands of local people.
U give them a job & they abuse u children.
The leading Striker in Soroti; Etop FC super Striker Otwakai getting ready for todays show down; The Battle of the Titans.
Rules changed, motorists speak out.
Fdc'S Betty Bamukwatsa wins the woman Parliamentary seat for Rukungiri district.
Testicle-Eating 'ball-cutter' fish could be heading for UK after being spotted in France.
Where is the military police?
And who enjoys the money from tourism sector?
Is that an accident?
In Matthew 15:6-9, Jesus warned on adopting laws of men and imposing them on God’s people.
But I agree, he is handsome, no wonder he is being paraded by ladies.
Outcomes ov humanz enjoying sex with ANIMALZ IMAGINE.
Photos: Passengers juggling bodabodas and taxis.
<P><Em>Tonight, President Museveni is expected to talk about the reopening of schools and the economy.
How can you send a thief to run after a thief, a male dog to chess away a female dog, fish to drain water where it leaves.
The New Vision added 5 new photos — at Nateete.
Mary Karooro Okurut noted that failure to write wills has created problems in several families over the sharing of property.
Tht will increase the no.
#Thehandshake: Are you investing right?
Peace without justice is not peace.
The New Vision added 87 new photos — with Emmanuel Kiddu and 4 others.
You should have mentioned Uganda 1st!
The trio, together with their boss, is facing murder charges.
Now analyze the situation, who looses here?
There has never been a leveled ground!
Thank you Africa for the love"!
The two are Brian Sajjabi, 24, and the housemaid Mellon Nabaasa, 23.
Thanks for being there for each other.
The New Vision is with Sharipha Nash.
He should abide by it.
so those pipo would give PAC, court and Prisons some work to do.
Victoria University Kampala Uganda welcomes you to join a multi-national and a diverse University rich in culture with on market programs that suit your career and accredited by NCHE.
But that is for later, as I hastily search for my notebook.
Igg PROBES BOU's BOSS WEALTH.
The Boda-boda riders in Hoima town have joined an HIV/AIDS campaign dubbed Fast track cities aimed at ending the epidemic by 2020.
Send details and pictures to jubilee@newvision.
SMS Media, which produced the recordings and transmitted them to MTN, is also a party in the case.
6% stake in Imperial Bank Uganda and has officially changed the banks name to Exim Bank Uganda.
Entebbe Regional Referral Hospital has resumed its COVID-19 vaccination drive two days after it was reported that the hospital had run out of vaccines.
An unmanned Delta 4-Heavy rocket, the largest in the U.S. fleet, blasted off from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California on Wednesday to put a classified spy satellite into orbit for the National Reconnaissance Office.
Independence Day is a good time to remember who we are and how we got here.
I think The East African problem is not used cars nor clothes.
tel poilne to go there if thy can at nty form 8:00pm.
What abad new year 4 mr.
Steven Karukayo walks about 8km a day, from Kabalagala to the city.
In fact they don't understand the entire law.
Mps reject move to disqualify candidates over names details in the New Vision.
I have not said anything, but I cannot let him keep her.
One person has been confirmed dead, while four others are still missing after gunmen on Sunday attacked a Uganda-bound bus from Juba, South Sudan.
Does anyone here know what is the postal address for President Museveni?
Promotions and new appointments must be made immediately, as indicated in the statement.
My question is: (1) What happened to the tens of thousands of baganda kadogos aka child soldiers who willingly laid down their lives from 1980 to 1986, to save buganda and Uganda from almost near total destruction by the UNLA.
He also urged the church to see that they empower people to work hard for development with honesty.
General Kahinda #Otafiire has asked judicial officers to pass tough sentences to officials who swindle government funds.
Child LABOUR: Government proposes to ban children from engaging in agricultural activities.
Today, Ernest Kiiza, who was recently appointed Bunyoro state minister, runs Earnest Publishers, a sh12b publishing house and employs over 200 permanent staff across his business empire.
“It is lack of integrity for politicians to ignore the existing laws and interfere in the planning of towns instead of giving experts the freedom to play their role in planning the towns,” he said.
Simon Lokodo said at a sensitisation workshop on pornography on Tuesday afternoon.
Samsung is expected to appeal.
Bobi wine land sold to Gabonese investor, Seller says only lawful tenants will be compensated.
election going on while one candidate is missing!
Parenting tip: Don't clip your child's wings.
The judge hearing the case of four men convicted for a shocking gang rape on a bus in New Delhi in December 2012 sentenced them to death.
The donor community is completely pulling out of budget support, Business Vision has learnt.
Godfrey Ssentongo, a bodaboda rider and a resident of Upper Kauga village in Mukono Municipality leaves his children locked in the house.
What makes a good father?
The New Vision is with John Kemboi and Philemon Sang.
President Yoweri Museveni will meet leaders of the political parties represented in Parliament who subscribe to the Inter-Party Organization for Dialogue (IPOD) today.
The New Vision is with Annet Nangendo.
The Police named the deceased as Savior Andama from Nigo village in Oluvu sub-county.
Find out how and who was involved in the New Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Francis Zaake not allowed to take plea because Gulu Magistrates court doesn't have the jurisdiction to handle the nature of the case.
*Who was the dead suspected assassin?
Let’s face life together.
Many of the best and most unusual varieties of vegetables are simply not available in your local nursery and your onl.
The latest news and insightful analysis.
“Some complaints have been raised by the public, accusing us of partiality.
#Tottenham beat #Fulham through Tosin Adarabioyo's own goal, as Richarlison is the match winner for #Everton against #WestBrom.
This guy is just the consigliori, what about the Don himself (remember The Godfather- the book)?
We both have kids and the lady in question is a few years older than me but I really quite like her.
So if the value of the company goes up in the Security Exchange.
Use an open phrase like, “What did you mean when you said, ‘xyz'” rather than instantly going on the offensive.
The New Vision is with Milton Allimadi and 2 others.
The ambassador’s remarks come in the wake of the fraud scandal rocking the Prime Minister’s Office that has prompted several donors to halt aid to Uganda.
The constitution provides that it is a duty of every citizen to be patriotic and loyal to Uganda by promoting its wellbeing.
A family is seeking for their British relatives after 47 years.
I saw the guy get bullied by fellow MPs, it reminded me of that time in S.1/2.
It may be easy to implement in churches that is located where there are so many pagans and every sunday they attend to less than 50 people!
Jesus (not that one), Walker out until New Year with COVID-19.
Those are the fruits of over staying in power.
Indeed he did it and God rewarded him.
No wonder his feature has come to an end no pity and forgiveness let him rot in jail.
🙌🏽 By the way, The Hornets have lost a club record 19 premier league games to The Reds.
This is due to the fact that the Government which had threatened to punish the striking teachers rescinded its decision”.
Otherwise this discovery may turn into a curse instead of a blessing!
In February, the London-listed telecom said it was looking to sell a minority stake in its mobile money business in a bid to raise cash and sell off some assets.
Parliament ready to host the East African Parliamentary games slated for December 8, 2019 in Kampala.
The Insurance Tower, an eleven-storeyed structure will be complete in 18 months and handed over in September 2019.
Team work: If you think your job was so demanding and tiring, look at how some people have developed the art of working and enjoying the job as a team.
I want the holy group to come to citysqauir for change.
The New Vision is with Patrick Bwango and 3 others.
There is nothing like Islamic terrorism.
On Sunday, churches resumed congregational worship following the lifting of the ban by President Yoweri Museveni.
The Global Monitoring Report 2013 shows that Kenya, whose economy is much larger than that of Uganda, has more poor people.
Tusker Profect Fame starts off today in its sixth edition in Nairobi with Uganda fielding five contestants.
ug or Video to 0797345461 via whatsapp.
Hello people, while you line up to board the next Easy bus, take a moment to caption this picture for me.
A Ugandan who had travelled to Turkey for kyeyo has died after he was hit with a whisky bottle several times on the head by a Nigerian.
The president called upon governments to attach significant importance to energy investments as they constitute the biggest portion of the global infrastructural demand.
However, ample experience abounds and Uganda can avoid the mistakes of others.
Because I love her deeply, I forgave her for having not told me about the child.
Grade one magistrate Swaleh Asiku, has acquitted the Mityana Municipality MP, Francis Zaake of the case of escaping from Police custody in Arua on August 14, 2018, a day before the Arua Municipality by-election.
The outbreak of COVID-19 around the world and the lockdowns that followed had put weddings on a hold.
She wanted well-wishers to help her complete her house after her husband abondoned her.
The New Vision is with Wasswa Arafat and Bukenya Magidu.
The fire that broke out in the mall was, according to the minister set by the terrorists to destruct security agents.
"If it were not for the love of my country, i would have left this country during the difficult days of Idi Amin.
I suggest we keep off politics from health issues coz they deal directly with life, let health experts be allowed to independently advice the population other than being at gun-point influence from political arm making them fail to answer worries of the population.
We have forgiven Kiwanda, says Archbishop Lwanga, details in the New Vision.
The New Vision is with Sadam Kolya and 2 others.
The Police Force is the most corrupt institution in Uganda followed by officials collecting taxes and government officials, a survey has revealed.
Ninteen new Ebola cases were this morning reported at Kagadi Hospital in Kibaale district.
Infrastructure: Grab a free copy in the New Vision for MORE #EPAPER-https://epaper.
“If the introduction and matrimonial ceremonies were organised at the same time it would be cost effective,” Lwanga said.
We re tied of burundi lyk ug.
2b meant to assist them in settling a huge debt.
The Sunday Vision brings you the details Why president Nyerere and Obote fell out.
That Badminton score is actually 21-12, 21-11.
The New Vision is with Prince Geofrey and 4 others.
Millions of US and Canadian users of popular photo sharing app Snapchat had their phone numbers and usernames exposed online after the data was captured by anonymous hackers.
Former Ethics and integrity Minister Miria Matembe at Urban Television studios, on a live interview with urban presenters Sophie Aniku and Samson Kasumba, Vision Group Headquarters.
Hahaha full of drama he scored vital goal while on the other hand he missed last minute vital goal so heart breaking to all arsenal fans.
Hehehe he is above the law.
The New Vision is with Brahan Alli and 15 others.
Big WINS Big ODDS with the all NEW SUPA5.
A planned protest against a sharp hike in internet costs in Benin was blocked on Friday in Cotonou, the country's commercial hub, after the authorities refused to grant a licence for the demonstration.
David Lukiiza asked experts how best one can keep safe around a water body.
Have a great morning.
The executive director of Uganda Communications Commission (UCC) Godfrey Mutabazi said many parties breached this and took their campaigns onto social media prompting the Electoral Commission (EC) to ask them act.
You will see that your account balance will be credited with #750 instead of#200 .
Each party claims they were scheduled to hold a rally there.
Prime Minister Amama Mbabazi is on a one-week visit to China, where he is to hold talks with various government business officials.
Omar mandela the owner of City Oil a(somali) claims prime land that has housed gvt offices for 40yrs?
The New Vision is with Emawonders D Dancer and 2 others.
More innovation news: A 34yrs old Anatoli kiiza from Hoima is seeking government approval to test his own made missile at lake Albert!
He Has Proved To Be A Habitual Criminal, The Same Way He Behaved In The USA.
Here are the facts and figures ahead of Sunday's #AustralianOpen2021 men's final 👉🏽.
There are feeding tubes through his nose.
Log on to subscribe.
The New Vision is with Dhamme Dhuubane and Kibet Denis Dieno.
The prelate is said to have lived a monastic life of self-denial.
Dear Allah, wash over me this Friday as I go to work.
🇺🇸Us President Donald Trump has threatened to "close down" social media platforms after Twitter for the first time acted against his false tweets.
Pope Francis to visit 5 sites during #papalvisitug.
Naked Truth; Nude Church In Virginia.
Then another line to Juba.
World'S most deadliest road, Himachal Pradesh, India.
Their lives would have been different had it not been for the political turmoil in the 1970s.
Floods that have been ravaging various parts of Kasese district are subsiding, according to Uganda Red Cross.
But it was actually really important for me to go through that.
Grab a copy for details #EPAPER- https://vpg.
Thousands gathered at Mpanga Market to welcome him as he moved in a convoy.
jimmy mweheze should know that uganda is for all ugandan citizen not apersonal property.
“The flights are expensive and not reliable yet once they are delayed, flowers lose quality,” noted Joyce Nsubuga, a flower exporter.
In the New Vision today, we ask the question.
The claim was lodged by Gibraltar-based Group Menatep - the company used by Russia’s once richest man Mikhail Khodorkovsky to manage Yukos.
y not creat employment .
It shouldn’t however go, without being noticed that she is looking that fabulous because of two particular creative souls, Brenda Nanyonjo and Lillian Kyabaki, the designers behind ZirianMissfixit, the fashion house that tailored Miss Uganda’s final outfits.
"All these Indians came to Uganda when they were poor.
Fake news the only reason why the white say there is ebola in Tz Coz Tanzania resuse to be injected with vaccine.
In the name of Jesus we have prayed.
Police officer collapses in Mbarara.
African leaders oppose UN on Somalia .
Kabarole district local government leaders on Wednesday visited Toro Babies Home in Fort Portal city to extend a hand and love to the children.
As people and school children thronged it, little did they know that it was time to unveil the heir of the late Kibonge which was the oldest lion at center.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up.
Church of Uganda to pay billions of shillings for breaching contract.
“The money has come.
Career tip: Don't waste energy on your so-called failures.
I have noticed some similarities between the full bags & the full stomach of the officer in camouflage, it tells a lot in respect of the story itself.
He is a brother to Chameleon.
#Pakasa3Selfie Urban Television XFM 94.
I think the biggest thing to keep in mind is that a lot of people have a lot of ideas that they’d like to turn into businesses—but if your ideas don’t turn into actual money, then you’re not able to turn it into a business.
He said depositors will be informed of arrangement to access their deposits.
10% fine per month delayed.
Jordan Tumusiime was a vocal businessman in Mbarara who moved between markets selling used clothes.
Fred Kyankya the General Manger Uganda Air Cargo, where Terikya has been serving for the last six years, Terikya has been battling with diabetes until Wednesday morning when he passed away, at Nakasero Hospital.
Story details in MONDAY New Vision .
The dream is bigger than the Obote family; it's bigger than the individual".
Suspected al-Shabab militants in Somalia have attacked the regional government headquarters in the central city of Baidoa.
National Planning Authority's a forum for the National Development Policy.
The ten delegates gathered for a conference at Namboole were drawn from the Central, Eastern, Northern, Western regions.
“Honestly, I have never asked the Government to give me the money💰 that is being talked about.
Dear Lord, thank you for yet another beautiful day.
No tax on MPs allowances.
The match will be broadcast live on SS3HD and SS Maximo and will also be available via live streaming.
Jesus z the way.
Play recreational sports to get active and have fun at the same time.
And the comments around!
He told the probe chairlady.
The New Vision is with Kaweesi Paul Ana Man.
have they spotted the stuff?
Teachers under their umbrella body, the Uganda National Teacher’s Union (UNATU), have set terms for Government to fulfill before they sign performance contracts.
She said Mafabi is arrogant and has a poor mobilization strategy.
Hala madrid planning for next season see u then lets learn fron madrid if u fail get back ti the drawing board and plan for next season as others keep tring yo make it .
Our system never foresaw this.
Hundreds of candidates who applied for a Bachelors of Law degree for the academic year 2012/13 have been disqualified having failed to score the required minimum of 50% in the pre-entry exams.
The vibrations from the steering wheel are one of the signs of unbalanced tyres.
Kaberamaido Catholic Parish has celebrated Marty's day at St Karoli Lwanga Kaberamaido Catholic Church.
Contested in the first modern Olympics in 1896 and also part of the ancient Games in Olympia, wrestling will now join seven other candidate sports battling for one spot in a revamped programme.
DEADLINE is June 30, 2020.
[Sponsored]: KAMPALA CAKE FAIR - Its Back with more Cake and Fun and Parte After.
The fabrication company was started back in the early 90s by the late Haji Musa Mukiibi nicknamed ‘Musa Body’ by the residents of Katwe because of his skill in fabricating things out of car body parts.
The Uganda shilling opened the week trading under pressure from pockets of dollar demand from corporates and some offshore players.
In SECURE FUTURE: You can quit smoking at 60.
If most Ugandans do not have toilets, or safe drinking water, or toilet paper, or tooth paste, or electricity, or sugar, how can they have internet access!
Does this concern you?
If Mulago formalised patient billing the situation would worsen.
As we usher in a brand-new month, Vision Group is proud to introduce Wan Luo TV!
Y is it dat whn this ppl re in da thing they keep quit but after getting what they want then they start strugle 4 leadership?
A 60-year-old man who was scheduled to wed on Wednesday, December 29, 2021, was severely wounded when a speeding vehicle hit him a day before the ceremony.
Thank You for helping us through 2021, indeed You have been with us through the good and bad times.
The trick is to treat a match like any other games," the fallen legendary Uganda Cranes captain also said.
Everyone fix your own messes.
President Yoweri Museveni will today flag off the first batch of 67-seater Metu Zhong Tong buses assembled in Uganda.
This coffin that was offered by one Sam Ebuk, a businessman in Lira town well known for his great carpentry and metal fabrication skills mesmerized mourners.
The merrymaking of the Christmas holiday is done.
Some of these vehicles writings have been rubbed off, she says.
There is no way you can say that I am the one copying Museveni.
The same mass remembered; Emmanuel Cardinal Nsubuga Kiwanuka who died 23 years ago at Cologne Hospital in Germany.
Installation of CCTV cameras begins to bear fruits.
Uganda'S Electoral Commission Boss; Eng.
The bodies of 50 players, coaches and staff from a Brazilian football team wiped out in a plane crash in Colombia arrived home Saturday for a massive funeral.
Climbs on the roof.
Seo INTRODUCTION PACKAGE #WEPROMARK #SEO #BUSINESSLISTING #MARKETING Do you want a feel of what Search Engine Optimization can do your website?
Reports of mismanagement at Uganda Telecom (UTL), MPs shocked that the managers have blocked attempts by the Ministry of Finance, to have their finances audited.
She immediately pronounced me guilty of infidelity!
I learnt one phase, which was repeatedly said''I abandon''.
Results from final-stage clinical trials of two of the frontrunner vaccines were published this week and both are considered safe.
Being happy or sad, gloomy or excited, moody or stable… are options that are presented to you every morning.
Pliz, i know what you are thinking already.
Thailand'S Jazz Janewattananond jumped into the lead with a seven-under-par on the fog-affected second day of the Panasonic Open India tournament in New Delhi on Friday.
In case you have not made up your mind, this is precisely what Kampala Archdiocese prelate Cyprian Lwanga is pushing for.
Mali military rulers said on Saturday they were postponing their first meeting over the transfer of powers due to "organisational reasons" nearly two weeks after ousting the president in a coup.
Video: Court rejects bid to shift Col.
Pakasa Vision – For the entrepreneur in you!
The President of International Body Building Association, Denny Kakos believes Ugandan body builder Ivan Byekwaso can conquer the world with consistent participation in international events.
The New Vision is with Bam Keilah and Adams Tumwesigye.
The men and women who spend everyday digging in the earth are some of the greatest unsung heroes of industry and modern civilization.
How the 2017/18 budget will be financed.
The best will be taken on at the end of it all.
She needs your intervention, advises Bob Kisiki, a parenting counsellor.
The New Vision is with Abdullahi A Abdullahi.
So sorry dear, unfortunately its many years already and it really hurts being in such a situation ,not happy but still ure forcing things to work out ,all I can say to u sister is that keep praying u never know God's mercy is never ending He might do wonders for u and your kids.
Read the Full speech;.
Relax on your early morning coffee or stroll in the traffic Jam as you enjoy Uganda's Leading Daily.
This guy used to give them almost everything and for sure nobody's perfect in this world.
You can still spoil your Dad; like the Sunday Vision page for details.
A booster of US coronavirus vaccine Johnson & Johnson was 85 percent effective in preventing serious illness in areas where Omicron was dominant, a South African trial study indicated Thursday.
The New Vision is with Tina Beth and 2 others.
#Breaking #Cecafa15 Uganda Cranes through to the finals after defeating Ethiopia on penalties 5-3.
Burundi, where a 13-year civil war ended in 2006, has been rocked by violence since April, when President Pierre Nkurunziza launched his now successful but highly controversial bid for a third term in power.
They said bail is a constitutional right, but makes the NRM Government look bad when people kill others and they are given bail' - Lillian Aber, NRM Parliamentary Caucus Secretary General.
The Executive Director, Ecological Christian Organization (ECO), Isaac Kabongo, handed over a sh2m cheque for 200 Papal Walk tickets to Vision Group Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Robert Kabushega at the new vision offices.
42 Indian billionaires to invest in Uganda.
By the way, Bayern are leading Dortmund by four points at the summit of Bundesliga, and they both now have six games left.
After years of dillydallying regarding the development of its property abroad, it has emerged that Uganda has lost a prime plot of land in the Ethiopian capital Addis Ababa.
He has over 500 Friend requests to deal with!
He told me to keep my hair short and only wants me to wear long clothes.
🗨️ "[#Uganda] will contain and will defeat this assault by these criminal forces and elements," says outgoing Prime Minister, Ruhakana Rugunda after visiting Gen.
Thanks African queens for the important roles.
The Police spokesperson, Judith Nabakooba, confirmed that a meeting had taken place between the Police and the DPP, but could not divulge the details of the meeting.
Even if she does so, the "vice" won't end.
Should government dialogue with Charles Wesley Mumbere to solve Kasese fracas?
An hypothesis, the Kenyan civil societies and the prosecution are behind this baked-argueing , if some are known to have interfered with the witnesses to testify am sure the ICC would not have taken long to apprehend and arrest the purported persons.
The HAGUE - Judges at the International Criminal Court (ICC) ruled on Friday that Libya must hand over the son of slain dictator Muammar Gaddafi to the court, which wants to try him for alleged crimes committed during the revolution that toppled his father.
Men in Africa( Uganda) can beat a small thief to death because of stealing a hen, but elect thugs into public offices.
Watch below 👇🏽 a sneak peek of some of the stories in today's New Vision (December 24, 2021).
The New Vision is with Kate Violet.
Four times he has lost.
Majority of the displaced women and children have moved into three different camps in Bundibugyo district.
Do a majority of East Africans have the means and financial ability to afford new cars, shoes and clothes?
What indispline guy is this!
Yesterday, the lawmakers not only asked President Jonathan to recall his envoy to Pretoria but also vowed to invoke relevant business laws to frustrate South African concerns operating in Nigeria such as retail outlets.
M7 must be not knowing this history he couldn't get washed a way in involving himself is this religious bondages that plunged us in war's.
PSG's former United winger Angel di Maria was photographed holding a bottle that had been thrown towards him from the crowd.
Ongoing- The Vision group free health camp opened today and is set to run for TWO DAYS (22nd & 23rd of Sept 2016) at Centenary Park.
Do you have what it takes?
The African Development Bank (ADB) says it could be as high as 83%.
The South African athlete Oscar Pistorius starts his jail term.
Responding to a letter Lukwago wrote to police, the Kampala Metropolitan police commander Andrew Kaweesi on Wednesday said they could not permit Lukwago’s activities because his letter lacked more details of what he had planned to do.
😳 If this was a different sport, which one would it be?
But can't pple leave the Catholic faith alone?
Awaken us in body and spirit to hear you speak words of affirmation and wisdom over our hearts.
Throughout the day, police said, 36 people were arrested for various offences as Russia lost to Slovakia in Lille and England prepared to play Wales in the same Euro 2016 group in nearby Lens on Thursday.
Bad BLACK REGRETS EARLIER TESTIMONY.
First Lady and Minister for Karamoja affairs Janet Kataaha Museveni on Friday graduated with a Master of Arts Degree in Organizational Leadership and Management.
A child plays inside a rusty Lorry at Lugazi recently.
Barya in a letter says, “Some non-Senate members were allowed to participate in the nomination exercise, which contravenes the law”.
Success begins with great preparation.
When you meet the perfect makeup artist, then your beauty becomes an art, modified to look even sexier.
Read full story in the New Vision-vpg.
Vision Group awards teachers making a difference today.
But even more importantly, do you care?
But now the DOG!
So please do not preach selfish cowardice.
Nema stops mining of sand on Lake Victoria https://vpg.
The facilility is one of the 15 border points that have been established to enhance and boost trade relations between the two countries.
An Auditor General’s report exposes how Government lost sh2.
The Award is aimed at encouraging entrepreneurship and innovation and is sponsored by the Vision Group, KOICA, the Government of Japan and the Rupereria Group.
New Vision TV explains the mystery of the jerrycan.
Most of the 35 very short essays in Would Everybody Please Stop?
The athlete faces sentencing on Tuesday over the killing of Reeva Steenkamp.
[Sponsored]: #BUILDNET makes Luxury affordable with Najjera Heights, a collection of 1 Bedroom, 2 Bedroom and 3 Bedroom apartments for sale.
If you have a particular question you would like to field, do email olympics@newvision.
The Speaker of Parliament, Rebecca Kadaga, has urged the public to follow travel advisories issued by the Government to prevent #coronavirus infections.
Basajjabalaba was picked from the departure lounge and driven to Kampala in a private car.
The occasion was graced by the Vice-President of Uganda; Edward Kiwanuka Ssekandi, Emmanuel Cardinal Wamala, Papal Nuncio to Nigeria; Archbishop Augustine Kasujja who led the Holy Mass.
When the latter was on only 12-years-old, his father noticed that noticed he liked making house frames, cars and bicycle toys out of aluminum wire.
Whoever clocks 60yrs should go home rear their ducks!
We speak to Justice James Ogoola, the chairman of the Elders Forum about this and more.
Get helped to reap big from passion fruits by learning how to boost your yields from professionals in the business at the #HarvestMoneyExpo.
Yet her wry voice — sometimes confiding, sometimes overbearing — comes through loud and clear in print.
in the near future.
The 'Save Mamuli Katumba charity walk' was scheduled for last month but organizers pushed it to this month for better arrangement.
Katumba twice on the phone.
He was born in 🇬🇭#Ghana, BTW.
Accidents along Masaka road have drastically reduced even though some people used to attribute the accidents to ghosts.
How 50 million Facebook accounts were hacked.
Uganda attained independence on October 9, 1962 and it was Prince Edward – Queen Elizabeth II’s first cousin – who handed over the instruments of power to the then Prime Minister of Uganda, Milton Obote.
EXIT AND CHECK UR ACCOUNT BALANCE 4 UR FREE AIRTIME CREDIT.
Try to have some light hearted conversations and spend some time together.
On Wednesday, finance minister Matia Kasaija announced that the Government was taking over telecom company Uganda Telecom Ltd (UTL) following the withdrawal of the majority shareholder, Ucom.
Dont go to home b4 u whisper to Mzee wa kofia.
The closure follows an interruption, by students, of a meeting the RDC had convened with the institutions vice chancellor Prof Jack Nyeko PenMogi to talk to the students in the University main hall.
Video: Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year from Lilian Mbabazi.
Dr we are there 4 u,topowa.
In the picture, Kirunda (2nd-left) is seen introducing players to then Prime Minister Otema Alimadi in the early 1980s.
Kunihira explains that when she was posted to the school, she realised that they would not achieve much with the high level of indiscipline.
And he is very right coz there is no way he can get another mother but he can get another wife.
Egaku Gerald came off the bench to score the winning goal in a pulsating final at Kigezi High School in Kabale as St. Mary’s Kitende won the COPA Coca-Cola schools championship.
It shows that the opposition MPs and independents generally outshone the NRM legislators.
Yea she is doing it.
Half-An-Hour gone and the two sides are still tied.
It's free of charge.
Kirumira was granted cash bail of sh6m and his three sureties who included a city businessman Sudhir Ruparelia , a private senior private secretary to the President Sarah Nkonge and businessman Ephrahim Ntaganda are to execute a non cash bond of sh15m.
Sejusa is a shot over the bar!
"For Sudan to become a democratic country where the rights of all citizens are enshrined, the constitution should be based on the principle of 'separation of religion and state'".
Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe celebrated his 93rd birthday with a lavish party on Saturday attended by thousands of loyalists outside the second city of Bulawayo.
The Uganda police have done well to put in place operations such as fika salama.
From experiments on twins amounting to mass slaughter, to sticking subjects in tanks of ice water for hours, to inciting infection by rubbing glass and wood shavings after infecting the blood with tetanus, gangrene, and streptococcus.
You are guilty on the accusation of possession of fire arms, court tells Kitatta.
There is a grand prize of sh50,000,000, a recording contract with Fenon Records, iPads, Smartphones, and lots of other goodies to be won!
Flying squad boss Charles Kataratambi said the thugs were arrested from various parts of the country.
We captured some commuters in Kira jumping off bodabodas and boarding taxis to the city centre.
Are video games addictive?
Makerere University pays tribute to fallen ex-premier Prof.
An elderly Kenyan man was clawed by a lion that was wandering along a busy road during morning rush hour in the capital Nairobi on Friday, wildlife officials said.
Baseline the bill is useless.
But he should do him justice & also rank him as No.
The Vision Group HEALTH CAMP aims at Educating the Community on Healthy feeding and Healthy Lifestyle.
Highlight houses built in the wrong way in the wrong place with poor drainage system.
He is a freeman and is at his home.
To maintain the beauty of your living room, you need to look out for centre tables with perfect tones and colour.
Read today’s Mwalimu for details.
Then we clean up and proceed to church.
Listen carefully to them.
Dononzio is vying for Ruhinda County MP seat with Justice and Constitutional Affairs minister Otafiire Kahinda, both NRM contestants and Brian Ainembaba (Independent).
Stop calling it innovation and creativity.
Send us your family story, picture, video or podcast on WhatsApp: +256797345461 or on Email: features@newvision.
His fascination began back in 2004 when he saw a yellow workman's glove dropped near his home.
#Tuskerprojectfame #TeamSitenda Dr Mich Egnwang and Sitenda.
Gwee musolo yo eriwa?
Nethaneel Mitchell-Blake, 22, the second fastest Briton of all time with a personal best of 19.
#London2012 QUOTES OF THE WEEK: http://j.
Sometym loneliness is a safer way to get out ov r/ship stress n even it reduces on ones expenditure.
Mowzey Radio is not a mere breadwinner.
The countdown to the opening ceremony of the Olympic Games has started.
We see the president as the only safe person in this country.
Saturday Vision brings you the full story behind this saga - vpg.
Bobi Wine closes office over Coronavirus.
Un rates cant be these ones.
exerted pressure on the beautiful city turning it into one big slum.
Beat in the eggs one at a time, then stir in the vanilla.
Thank you because we are safe in your hands.
Find out in Saturday Vision what Mabirizi has asked the Kabaka to provide following a court order.
"When something happens in the world, people often turn to Facebook to see how their friends and family are reacting".
Find his story in Pakasa today.
According to local media and the Facebook account of the Ukrainian Verkhovna Rada (parliament), he was killed by unknown gunmen out in the street.
A total of 14 Uganda People’s Defence Forces (UPDF) deserters have been arrested in different places of eastern Uganda.
Why Indians beat Ugandans in BUSINESS.
“The convoy is the longest to go through Tororo town in recent history,” one of the onlookers said.
The group said they were fighting for the restoration of democracy, respect of rule of law & human rights.
This will likely involve consulting with various professionals along the way—individuals in that line of work, mentors, and coaches.
The Uganda National Bureau of Standards Executive Director, Dr. Livingstone Ebiru has revealed that the Ministry of Water through Cabinet is calling for a blanket ban on plastics in Uganda.
He also urged the Police to control boat accidents.
May prof's gental soul rest in perfect peace papa,alumni public admin 2012-2015 st Lawrence university.
According to the Electoral Commission chairman, Badru Kiggundu, the exercise is meant to enable voters to conveniently cast their votes.
What surprises me is that they have support for NRM!
Ten Police officers have been implicated in robbery and bribery.
Free access here 👉🏽.
President Yoweri Museveni on Tuesday opened a new multi-billion Coca-Cola plant unit, emphasising the need for investors in the processing industry to use locally made raw materials as a way of helping the country retain value lost in billions of shillings.
The discussions will go on until the African Energy Week (AEW) 2022.
“I think we were trailed from the airport because as soon as we reached the gate, waiting for it to be opened, four men appeared,three of them armed.
This and more interesting stories in your copy of the New Vision.
Sudhir WINS CRANE CASE: WHAT NEXT?
Remembering to throw on your shades every day will guard against sunburn, cataracts, and even skin cancer.
The New Vision added 5 new photos — with Sight Edgar Apuuli Ryan.
The issue of ‘rebel’ MPs within the NRM is also expected to be discussed in the meeting.
Its a good opportunity for Ugandans to get in especially at the IPO stage.
We are okay with the status quo.
The opposition Democratic Party (DP) has dismissed claims by the ruling National Resistance Movement (NRM) that they are withering away and disintegrating.
The former secretary of state took 49.
Neymar has now got 33 goals for Brazil - the same amount as Ronaldinho and Jairzinho and one behind Rivaldo.
The Ugandans, who left for the week-long tournament, last Thursday with only $240 (sh600,000), return to action on Wednesday against Botswana in a must-win fixture of their Africa Netball World Cup qualifiers on Wednesday at the Bona courts in Gaborone.
⚽️ #Arsenal find the winner late on through their captain to progress.
The New Vision is with Niwagaba Bright Hillary.
Ssebagala wants to MTN to pay him 8 billion shillings for using part of his speech as a ringtone.
The New Vision is with Stephen Ssemakula and Robert Byarugaba.
Mtn Uganda is yet again rewarding its MoMoPay customers with discounts on their daily shopping this festive season in a promotion dubbed MTN MoMoPay X-mas.
I also studied b'ness course but am now geting experience in transformer manufacturing & may be my destiny!
📲 You can access the electronic version of the edition here 👉🏽.
Where is Government support for arts?
Once we deal with public transport, the other big problem are the markets, they bring together many people.
I asked him: “Do I stink?
The former strongman, who ruled his northeast African nation with an iron fist for three decades, was toppled on April 11 after months of protests against his reign.
8 billion has been allocated specifically for purchase and distribution of tea seedlings.
Broilers can have up to 20hours of light during the day.
Egypt'S former President Hosni Mubarak dies at 91.
Sate minister for northern Uganda, Betty Otengo said this Thursday while responding to queries raised by the committee on presidential affairs.
But as it is in real life, parents can produce a Child.
Today is Crossword Puzzle Day.
Coming up at the #WorldCup: #PORTUGAL vs #GHANA, #USA vs #GERMAN, #KOREA vs #BELGIUM & #ALGERIA vs #RUSSIA.
R and kaguta all from western Uganda you guys are power greedy and that's why you will fight each other till death.
Update: Army accepts to withdraw military guards from Gen Sejusa's residence after accepting to meet the president.
On Monday, Sarah Nabikolo Ssebunnya, was charged with the murder of her deceased husband.
Francis Nyangweso, the disciplinarian, soldier, lover of sports, family man and above all, the man who bore no grudges.
But I remember Besigye himself said he worked in Nairobi as a doctor and doctors are good at seeing wamamas,so this boy.
The time is still short according to his crime.
A four-year-old boy in Seeta, near Kampala, has been maimed and turned blind after taking anti-malarial medicines he was allergic to.
Get to know her values, beliefs, goals and dreams by gently taking a deep breath and bringing your mind back to the moment when it wanders.
Dressed in a soiled skirt and faded red sleeveless top, a barefooted Betty grabs her weeping baby by one arm and dashes towards the vehicles that have come to a halt in the heavy traffic jam.
Details to this story are in the New Vision.
Nevertheless, I took them for a DNA test and it turned out negative.
President and Commander in Chief Yoweri Kaguta Museveni taking aim yesterday at the graduation ceremony of Special Forces operators.
How do you know when to increase your exercise?
Victory for Mrs Clinton was widely expected but it gives her momentum ahead of the "Super Tuesday" primaries in 11 states this week.
Stephen #Kiprotich has just received his Gold Medal in #Moscow.
5 million in one year.
The current Rules of Procedure of Parliament do not provide for removal of the two from office.
South Sudan President Salva Kiir on Saturday urged opposition leader Riek Machar to return home "urgently" to help form a government of national unity.
A good move and we shall be waiting for this long awaited opportunity.
The unit disciplinary committee of the Chieftaincy of Military Intelligence (CMI) has charged a UPDF soldier for extorting money from Local Defence Unit (LDU) recruits.
And Annie definitely didn’t want Persephone running around with Ben.
Workers of a private bus company, Pioneer Easy bus have gone on strike, partially paralyzing public transport in Uganda's capital, Kampala and its suburbs.
The New Vision is with Nsubuga Abubakari.
“We went there with two ideas either to get justice or to expose the impunity of the Judiciary because all the judges are picked by Museveni,” he said.
“Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time.
But Gulf Airlines hav the best services except Fly Dubai.
Nkulunziza Now In Power For De Third Regime!
Who made this grave mistake of dressing these innocent Ugandans in yellow!
#Sports: Gareth Bale joins Real Madrid from Spurs in £85m world record deal.
Benon Biraro polled 24,675 (0.
Join us to wish President Yoweri Museveni a Happy Birthday.
Basajja however, failed to table evidence of acknowledgement letter from the accountant general indicating the payment.
Yes, they are athletes.
The New Vision is with Nyakahuma Charles.
Minister Todwong calls off planned meeting.
Corruption is still going on after more than 30 years of NRM leadership.
This time sevo is talking much to the extent of almost giving a repot b4 the official one.
A row has broken out over sh2.
It's a critical part of the job search process.
Kirabo Namutebi won 9 gold medals to inspire the Dolphins Swim Club Kampala girls' team to a first place finish at the Kenya Swimming Federation National Age Group Long Course Swimming Championship in Nairobi over the weekend.
“The LORD makes firm the steps of the one who delights in him; though he may stumble, he will not fall, for the LORD upholds him with his hand”.
The number of Chinese-flagged or Chinese-owned fishing boats illegally operating in Africa has soared in recent decades, from just 13 in 1985 to 462 in 2013.
Humans can probably live to at least 130, and possibly well beyond, though the chances of reaching such super old age remain vanishingly small, according to new research.
Kampala Central MP Mohammed Nesereko spent the night at the Police Special Investigations Unit at Kireka.
Election chief Dr. Badru Kiggundu and the Inspector General of Police Gen.
Injury, disease, and hunger caused by armed conflict in Africa may have killed as many as five million children under five from 1995 to 2015, says a study.
Italians also flew in last week for the June 3 prayer fest.
What am seeing in this Uganda we the poor are not supposed to own any thing .
An idea, the Church to set aside funds for priests whose services are terminated or even employ them.
And when will this be effective' coz by our standards, day in/out there will be several constructions going on all over the counrty for all the days from now.
"The Commonwealth Parliamentary Conference is a chance for us to promote Uganda as a tourist destination," says Robert Kabushenga.
It is a great honor that you visit us in Uganda.
Smile and be happy.
It'S good the president realises evading of tax, the law is there so he should question those responsible why they can't penalise tax evades.
Sleeping bug bites Mr Mugenga during the Uganda Independence celebrations in Rukungiri earlier today.
Launching Uganda Vision 2040, the President said he is optimistic that the programme is achievable with oil and gas money.
Police has recovered 20 vehicles and arrested 16 key suspects mainly from Kampala and Mbale in two weeks’ time.
Trouble starts with donors and all gains will be washed away .
With beautiful pictures and a simple magnetic style, the book tells stories of both Uganda’s heroes and villains.
Ugandan fans will on June 28 watch the long awaited kickboxing battle for supremacy between Moses Golola and Titus Tugume at Kyadondo Rugby Ground.
Kayihura was speaking during the commissioning of surveillance boats procured by the Police at sh2.
"What you just put into your mouth could have been a child's partner in growth," the advertisement read.
Ur so caring plz keep it up.
Get details in New Vision #EPAPER -https://vpg.
Aaron Lennon pulled one back for the visitors.
A man who win your love with cash may not stay forever.
Most major career accelerations happen when someone steps into a mess and makes a difference.
This is expected to elevate the holy place to the level of pilgrimage sites such as Rome in Italy or Mecca in Saudi Arabia.
They are also said to have almost permanently erect penises.
Riot police have been clearing members of the Muslim Brotherhood and supporters of deposed Egyptian President Mohamed Mursi off the streets.
The New Vision is with Ogolla Pressy.
“I will arrest that woman,” Tinyefunza said on the matter http://see.
Kidnappers are now using injections to finish off their victims.
Find out how and why the bosses were arrested.
Video:Angelina Osegge faints during the Parliament scuffle.
Of course they want a bit of it but she won’t share.
The evolution of technology and integration of the banking and telecom sectors has birthed a new product that will enable telecom subscribers to access loans and savings in banks through their mobile handsets.
Lab results show cocaine, alcohol, heroine found in blood, tissue samples and gut content of dead MP Cerinah.
Clinical trials of one of the most advanced experimental Covid-19 vaccines resumed after a brief safety pause, as infection numbers continued to march upward in countries across the globe.
U should learn how to move on in life.
Johan, country director Koudijs explains their importance.
And may your truth allow me to stay on track and walk confidently in all that I do.
The outgoing Archbishop of the Church of Uganda, Henry Luke Orombi has said he does not intend to join politics.
He cant die because SA voted for the death penalty to go away!
President Kaguta Museveni greets former FDC presidential candidate Kizza Besigye at the Anglican shrine today during the #MartyrsDay2018 celebrations.
ug or on WhatsApp: +256797-345-461.
We find it unfair for them to be trained ahead of the 2016 general elections in which DP is expected to feature,” said DP deputy youth leader Moses Bigirwa.
Ladies and gentlemen, this week's Kampala Sun offering: Trigger-happy Ugandans.
The New Vision premiered a video.
A second concerned citizen, Robert Senfuka, petitions court to exhume Ssemwanga's body.
Today is Day 1 of #16days of activism for no violence against Women & Children.
The New Vision kindly bring us women who inspire 3/4 of the entire population of the young women and men.
Fire brigade approach just.
Shanghai - The number of billionaires in China has overtaken that of the United States for the first time, an annual survey said Thursday, despite slowing growth in the world's second-largest economy.
In the New Vision, we bring you a story on how vegetation cover in Agago is increasingly being destroyed for charcoal production, &what Govt has stepped in to do about this.
Govt pledges centre to combat violence against women.
Grab yourself a copy of the New Vision and Bukedde today.
Fighters from the Free Syrian Army told Reuters that the unmanned, remote-controlled aircraft belonged to President Bashar al-Assad's forces.
The suspects were released on a police bond on Tuesday after spending three months in custody at Katwe Police Station, pending further investigations.
The Parliament appointments committee has unanimously rejected the approval of former Kampala mayor Nasser Sebaggala as the minister without portfolio in the President’s office.
The annual tourism exhibition is set to showcase some of the best of Uganda’s tourism products and services by domestic businesses.
Meet vocal coach Kavutha.
Why not have a meeting for investors that are from uganda?
She will use the picture to showcase Uganda’s diversity at the Miss Tourism International finals later this December in Malaysia.
A leader who had an extraordinary record of public service, work ethic and a sense of humour to match.
Putin said that within the frameworks of the Union State and the Collective Security Treaty Organization, Russia could help Belarus protect its sovereignty, national borders and stability.
Get the Saturday Vision today for more #EPAPER- https://epaper.
Byekwaso eyes professional ranks after winning AM World Cup.
If they get enough training they will become motor champions in our nation Uganda.
Or simply click on this Link on your PC or Mobile Phone, sign up, Purchase and ACCESS the paper immediately: < .
Today, he runs a multi-million business empire with a salon, hardware and secondary school salon service.
Studies have shown that equitable access to electricity is a key driver of sustainable development.
Dear God, thank you for the new year.
Instead ov posting abenakyo our quuen.
I hate dat sport!
Find out in the Saturday Vision #EPAPER: http://is.
The truck plunged into the trench on Thursday evening after its driver lost control.
The average meat-eating person eats about 7,000 animals in their lifetime.
Mbabazi set off to Mbale to hold consultations for his presidential bid but NRM supporters on Wednesday held a demonstration in Mable town to show their opposition.
Fluff the couscous well, breaking up any chunks.
We should all have the same agenda; end HIV by 2030 so that we can make more festive memories.
The Mbarara Tusker Project Fame auditions has kicked off this morning.
D way I fear d boat too.
Residents of Mutunda sub-county in Kiryandongo district on Sunday aided the arrest of a parent identified as Lawrence Balikagira, who is accused of defiling and impregnating a 16-year-old school girl.
I can bet kamya to retain that seat,she was votes last time cz she seemed to b fighting for pipo but now she z fighting for govt against the pipo.
Dr. Christopher Bingi, attached to Mukono Health Center IV, was on Wednesday presented before Mukono Chief Magistrate Joy Kabaje Behinguza who charged him with manslaughter.
@rkabushenga AND email queries or offers can be sent to gold@newvision.
That's roughly the price of a Big Mac meal in Japan.
The Archbishop of the Church of Uganda, Dr Stephen Kazimba Mugalu, has asked clergies not to re-open churches if they haven't yet fully put in place the Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs).
My wife is a good person, but she is quarrelsome and picks fights around the village.
The President's positions on the Uganda-Kenya trade impasse and the Rwanda-Uganda border were pointed out as commendable.
After the police directive against the opening of beaches and bars, Entebbe happening places remained silent |.
With their hands tied and eyes blindfolded, they were ordered to stop.
Sentah college uko wapi?
Lord let your will be done, amen.
Ghost experts must be smiling as ghost infrastructure is as well expected.
Celebrations to mark Uganda's Golden Jubilee have started.
Joubert ran straight from the field after blowing the final whistle.
Wat a u doing?
U mean yo tebayo fiiting size or legeza size if i want one?
Daisy (Uganda) Nyambura and Amos/ Josh (Kenya), Hisia (Tanzania), Patrick (Rwanda) and Hope (Burundi) are the finalists this season.
76), set at Crystal Palace in 2008.
“Can’t the angels on guard open the gate?
In order to avoid gross mismanagement of oil revenues, the International Monetary Fund has suggested that a separate consolidated account be set up by the Central Bank.
Album Boys scaling up a wall with a dog.
Dis iz serious our almaghty difend us.
Were the 8 people accused of murdering the late Susan Magara really tortured?
The secretary to the Judiciary, Dorcus Okalany, told MPs on the legal and parliamentary affairs yesterday that the wigs are a mainstay for justices during special ceremonies.
Find this and many more stories in Saturday Vision.
Grab the Kampala Sun for the Exclusive story-https://vpg.
The BRICS, a group of developing and newly industralised nations, want to leverage their huge populations – almost half the world’s population at three billion, a combined GDP of $14 trillion (more than that of the US and combined foreign exchange reserves of a similar amount, to assume greater influence in world affairs.
Thnx for initiative, can u share with us route charts on this media?
- Jacinta Asaba says.
There was a stronger effect on girls than boys, it said.
Find out how he offended her and what her response was.
Robinah Nabbanja, Prime Minister of Uganda reveals.
"I'M very proud of our young people; Onyango, Iguma, Majwega, Mwesigwa, Kizito, Massa, Okwi & colleagues in the Uganda Cranes.
One of the Allied Democratic Forces (ADF) leaders arrested in Tanzania over atrocities committed by the rebel group, had tonnes of explosives he had planned to smuggle into Uganda.
#Kenya Military spokesman Colonel Cyrus Oguna has said that four soldiers were injured in heavy gunfire between the Kenya Defence Forces and the attackers at #Westgate mall.
Ug men stop showing us ur stinginess.
Adoa said the government of Uganda was grateful for the continued support including the Uganda-Egypt aquatic weed control project in Kamuwunga, on the shores of Lake Victoria in Kalungu district.
That Shaban should be arrested immediately he is not a poor man where did he get all what he has?
Uganda has vigorously denied the U.N. charges, which emerged in October, and Junior Foreign Affairs Minister Asuman Kiyingi said Kampala had been forced to retreat from its mediating role.
Eye witnesses claim the fire originated from the manager’s office which is found on the upper floor of the bar.
20pm, Triple jump women final 6.
Cairo has blacklisted the Brotherhood as a "terrorist" organisation, but the Islamist group has consistently denied any link to violence.
The sh15b complex has 4,500 square meters of office space.
Nine panga wielding suspects arrested.
Outgoing Vice Chancellor Prof.
Employees of Pioneer Easy Bus Company have called off their strike over delayed salaries, hours after receiving their pay.
They claim they made bad choices as though they were blind!
In the course of his duty, he seems to have rubbed some people the wrong way with his extensive reporting on the theft of ivory from Uganda Wildlife Authority (UWA).
The last patient was discharged on Tuesday.
Nfa noted that; “the plaintiffs had fraudulently acquired a lease on the forest reserves’ land measuring approximately 205 hectares on July 1, 1980”.
•According to the state minister for investment, Evelyn Anite, 37 factories are fully operational, while 99 others are still under various stages of construction.
Supporters of former Ivory Coast president Laurent Gbagbo, who lives in exile in Brussels after losing a civil war in 2011, said they would file candidacy in his name for October's election.
They are private security guards.
Here are seven trends to look out for 👉.
I pity a candidate in the village qho cant aceess these and will be assessed on the same scale with those guys who are actively studying.
We a tired ov u guys!
Dr. Monica Musenero, the science minister, says very little is known about the new Omicron variant to warrant action.
It is that which pushed me to Kenya".
Dear Lord, we thank you for yet another day.
"The toll now is 29 dead and five injured," said health ministry spokesman Khaled Megahed.
Wherever u find katumba,smiles all the way.
City Hall court sends Parliament intruders back to jail #EPAPER: http://is.
In the mighty name of Jesus, may your devil recruitment be uprooted!
If you thought you knew what Prof.
Though I am a graduate, currently working, my husband is not satisfied with my Job.
Omah was sent to Kitalya Prison where he will be until December 16.
Mbabazi has petitioned the supreme court over alleged irregularities that led to President Museveni winning another term in office as president of Uganda.
SMS: Type 'Pakasa' (leave a space) your details and send to 8338 or check out & like Pakasa Vision to post your details.
The threatening message was described by the anonymous senders as ‘special gifts’ to the recipients.
He impregnated a 17-year-old in 2014 and the village leaders forced him to take her on as his second wife.
"Your muscles grow when you're resting, not when you're working out," says Michael Mejia, C.S.C.S.
Police should not accept bribe frm de richman in case he tries 2 do so.
Given the continued intrigue and infighting that has characterised the search for the new Vice Chancellor at Makerere University, should VCs be appointed instead?
After the run on April 5, it will make 8 years.
Tom Kiggundu, the proprietor of Photogenix Limited, might have been lucky enough to receive $5000 (sh12.
Sarah Isiagi Kirabo lost her husband to a sudden illness in 2002, leaving her with four children, a nursery school in its infant stages and a construction project at foundation level.
The east African nation is three years away from electing fresh leadership into political power.
Go to networking events and ask people to explain their jobs to you.
The New Vision is with Osilo Moses and 2 others.
Though i dont have the guts to ride a bicycle I always feel good that these women have the bicycle to ease their burdens.
Agha khan university hold?
What disappointment are u talking about?
Last week, students at Uganda's oldest institution of higher learning, Makerere University, rioted in what they said was a protest against an unfair fees payment policy.
#Fact: The largest family in the world consists of 1 husband, 39 wives, 94 children and 33 grandchildren.
All pregnant women will get free anti-retroviral (ARV) drugs to stop the transmission of the HIV virus to the unborn babies, the Ministry of Health has said.
How is this post benefiting both the rich and the poor?
8 - 32trion, what do we remain with.
A young boy taking care of a younger sister is excited being photographed while the sister develops cold feet recently in Mbale District.
Adulterated alcohol kills six more people in Kampala.
I will not let President down, vows Kamya https://vpg.
Desmond Tutu is calling on you to sign a petition to help mother Africa from the jaws of dictators who are seeking a license to continue killing poor innocent Africans without accountability.
Almighty God, thank You for the week that was.
Freeze your pride and appreciate common sense as your counterparts in Kinshasa have done.
Steven Gerrard admits he would be happy to give up his hero status at Liverpool in exchange for an Aston Villa win on Saturday as the Anfield great prepares to return to his former club.
#Breakingnews: The emirates Plane carrying the Double World Champion; #Kiprotich has just landed at Entebbe International Airport.
Police to construct 10,000 houses for staff.
What iknow everybody z supporting corruption coz no one z hating his&herself thus corruption increament in uganda esp our local pple!
According to MTN CEO, Wim Vanhelleputte, the company has sh4.
Bobi Wine speaks out on arrest .
Eagerly waiting to hear what steps Scientists now recommend.
The speaker of Parliament, Rebecca Kadaga has lashed out at government officials who solicit bribes in exchange for job offers.
1 in alcohol consumption, will this work?
This year, Gulu Archdiocese has been chosen to lead the forthcoming celebrations which are held on June 3 of every year at Namugongo.
We have details of the land grabbers, in Sunday Vision.
Lwanga said the preparations for the smooth transfer of political power should start now as the population prepares to celebrate half a century under self-rule.
The New Vision is with Lilian Driciru and 32 others.
There shall always be light at the end of the tunnel.
6b Karuma Dam project.
The New Vision is with Kisitu Uthman.
Besigye shld help us.
I'm the judge in my world burn them down before they explode on you,they don't have brains in their heads.
The New Vision is with Kakande Benard and 4 others.
jst cz 0v Its undair p0litical p0liciez.
The Students’ Loan Scheme is now ready.
Will this ease their challenges?
They also rejected appeals by the MUASA chairman Tanga Odoi to calm down, burned tires and erected barricades, blocking some roads in Makerere.
Check out and like Pakasa Vision to find out how Gamparo has done it.
"It's better than a treadmill or a stationary bike because it engages your upper body and core, not just your legs.
He is 49 years old, while my wife is 52 years.
Police cordoned off the place at 5; 00 a.m. and ordered all present individuals to vacate before demolition started.
Go to Google playstore and search for VISION GROUP STORE, sign up and you can immediately access TOMORROW'S Paper and pay Using MTN or Airtel Mobile Money service.
Philippines city of Tacloban mostly destroyed, over 10,000 feared dead in city alone.
there were no survivors, the Aeronautica Civil aviation authority said, adding that the wreckage was found close to Villavicencio.
Give your skin an extra ordinary glow with Bio-Oil body lotion.
Mutagamba disclosed that the sector requires more professional personnel to better market the country.
An award in memory of CNN executive Maggie Eales has been introduced as one of the categories in this year's CNN MultiChoice African Journalist 2016 Awards to inspire and reward young journalists for their work.
Tuesday'S New Vision to be the father of all newspapers 200+pages Uganda@50.
You risk going to thier habitat know that it a matter of life and death.
President Yoweri Museveni has commended leaders of the newly created Bunyangabu district for their utilisation of government funds.
Police source say that the fire erupted from one of the shops that deal in chemical drugs at the complex.
Former Prime Minister; Amama Mbabazi hands over office to new PM; Hon.
Frost brownies while they are still warm.
<P>France'S fearsome forward line makes them favourites to win a third European crown at the pan-continental event, while top-ranked Belgium and a youthful England side will be major threats.
Leonardo DiCaprio has finally won his first Oscar for survival epic The Revenant, after six nominations.
President Yoweri Museveni has clarified that government took a deliberate decision to dedicate much of the resources under the National Agricultural Advisory Services (NAADS) to the procurement and distribution of cash crops such as coffee, tea, oranges and mangos.
Christmas eviction for Bukasa residents.
Read about how he has made it this far in Pakasa tomorrow only in New Vision.
#Doubletroubleug: Pastor Bugembe has come by!
Let the sausages cook without disturbing them at first.
Copper,Nickel found in Lamwo,Kitgum and Pader.
Golola Moses will be facing down Titus Tugume in the East and Central Africa Kick-boxing Challenge at Freedom City.
Over 300 village health team supervisors in Mbale district have been trained in supporting the Government to ensure that households in different villages are empowered to fight the COVID-19 pandemic.
A man has sustained serious injuries after a huge tree fell on the car he was driving during this afternoon's downpour that pounded parts of Kampala.
The committees are to be set up from village to district levels.
South Sudan's parliament voted Tuesday to extend President Salva Kiir's mandate by three years, an official said, formally ditching any plans for elections this year in the civil war-torn country.
Emotional pictures of families and relatives of people involved in the #LakeVictoriaBoatAccident and Uganda Police Force, UPDF rescue teams at Mutima Beach, Mpatta, Mukono District.
Would you have your introduction ceremony and wedding on the same day at the same venue?
The one thing he despised with all his heart was becoming a primary school teacher.
Scientists concluded that the chicken came first not the egg: because the protein which makes egg shells is only produced by hens.
Early edition of Saturday Vision out NOW!
The low number of #coronavirus positives is an encouraging sign for the English Premier League as it tries to finish the postponed campaign.
07 billion operating budget which for the first time includes funding for the investigation of war crimes in Syria and Myanmar.
2 percent support neither candidate.
The New Vision is with Eddiex Power Wether and 10 others.
See Pictures and Details.
Five suspects were killed by gunfire, President Uhuru Kenyatta said.
The LORD is the everlasting God, the Creator of the ends of the earth.
The opposition has suffered major setback after former Vice President, Gilbert Bukenya announced he would support President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni in the forthcoming 2016 elections.
Sorry for you sudir.
10Am LIVE feed, #TokyoMarathon where Uganda's Stephen Kiprotich is running http://t.
Well, if you're heading to Entebbe, here are alternative routes.
The Premier League has revealed a record 103 players and staff tested positive for the coronavirus in the period from December 20 to 26.
Which way for tax incentives post COVID-19?
When it comes to political entertainment, it doesn’t get much better than presidential election season in the United States.
Film like and just romantic!
I thought they represent the people not the party.
Lifehacks: If someone says "I love you" and you don't feel the same way, you can say.
Preliminary toxicological test results carried out on samples of super cereal stocks taken from affected areas in the districts of Napak and Amudat are expected to be released this week by the Government Analytical Laboratory and the Central Public Health Laboratory.
Most of the recovered cars are Toyota premio and harrier.
Must you bring someone from away to come tell farmers this?
Captain Jordan Henderson has continued good form scoring one and giving an assist to Daniel Sturridge helping Liverpool trounce Burnley 2-0 at Anfield and extending their unbeaten run to 12 games.
The 75-year-old cardiovascular surgeon, academic and administrator, who leads multiple efforts aimed at building health systems and workforces, was the joint recipient of this year's award.
Female candidates performed better than the males this time round.
How and why Obama won #election2012 http://j.
As it sinks closer to the earth, clouds of golden dust are kicked up beneath the gloom by the tornado's rotating force.
The excericise is part of the UPDF army week.
Were the pilots prepared for the task at hand?
But Mark Harper yesterday affirmed his backing of the campaign, telling BBC Question Time: “I don’t see any problem with saying to people who have no right to be in the United Kingdom they can’t be here anymore.
The New Vision is with Musinguzi Deus and 3 others.
#Kampala - President Yoweri Museveni has signed a law which criminalizes indecency and promotion of pornography.
Clad in his usual green shorts, a striped shirt, a bow tie and black jacket, Uganda’s Big Brother Africa Season 8 representative Denzel, who was evicted from the reality show last Sunday, emerged through the doors of Entebbe airport at about 7:20 pm local time.
The New Vision is with Denis Otim Oloya.
Research published in the European Journal of Clinical Nutrition shows that regular consumption of green tea can improve memory and cognition in men.
The hosts have applied a measure of dominance in this tie, and they have a goal to show for, thanks to Peter Magambo's header earlier there.
The Archbishop reading a surprise birthday card.
The shilling was trading at 3,671/81 buying and selling respectively on average at most commercial banks at noon on Monday.
Speaking to youth on new global development targets (SDG’s), the head of economic and strategic planning at the Ugandan National Planning Authority, Paul Okitoi, tore into the young men and women to “get away” from the social networks and go “engage in activities that can put food on table”.
He pleaded not guilty to all the charges.
President Yoweri Museveni has called on men to cherish the virtue of taking care of their wives but at the same time cautioned married couples against the vice of being over ambitious particularly under undue influence and pressure from their wives as this could easily be detrimental to their lives and wellbeing of their families.
Update and PHOTOS from the Owino Parkyard fire.
Chelsea are closing in on a deal to sign striker Timo Werner from RB Leipzig, British media reported Thursday.
As the year comes to an end, it is an opportunity to strengthen bonds with your loved ones by engaging in some fun games, including cards.
The government spokesperson, Ofwono Opondo, has rallied media practitioners in Teso sub-region to form a strong and vibrant association to strategically position themselves for government programmes.
"Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts".
In this age where a brand as big as the Cranes has multiple fundraising opportunities, does FUFA have to greatly rely on gate collections?
A commuter taxi crashed into her!
President Yoweri Museveni is to commission the National Petroleum Authority at State House Entebbe, the deputy Press secretary, Lindah Nabusayi, has said.
Anything concerning financial gain,they are very critical.
The move would reunite Wanyama with his former Saints boss Mauricio Pochettino.
Pakasa winners: On their first night in China, the winners walking along the bank of Pearl River in Guangzhou.
#Jobs - 10 pages!
Are their Ugandans in Libya?
Father Joseph Kaseeta blesses New Vision family during this Lenten season.
It'S not the police Bwana new vision.
However, last week, he was not so lucky.
When was this photograph taken?
I mean, Butabiika hospital is under staffed.
📸 See 30 PICTURES from the rally 👉🏽.
Civil society actors under the umbrella of Civil Society Budget Advocacy Group (CSBAG) have asked MPs to reject the amendments on the Public Finance Management Act 2015, saying any such reforms are "unfavorable".
Yusuf Nsibambi, a senior lecturer at Makerere University, says he is taking President Yoweri Museveni’s advice seriously.
The high school student, whose name was withheld because he is a minor, called police around 1:40 am to report he had killed his mother at their home in Kurashiki, Okayama prefecture in western Japan, a local police official told AFP.
Check poster for details.
The New Vision is with Lucky Adrein Stylies Luckie.
Monica Azuba told Parliament that all is set for the long-waited national carrier, Uganda Airlines to take to the skies.
Peeta has turned his back on her completely.
This is Not acceptable world Bank should suspend funding to KCCA for failure to implement the ilo standards under its management.
Other Team members will only join the the team five Days to game as FIFA law states .
<P><Em>As Christians prepare for the birth of Jesus Christ, here is the mood around the world.
If it exists, then it would be inconsistent with the Constitution,” the Civil Division of the High Court boss ruled.
The donor community has warned the Government over cuts to the budget for social services in favour of infrastructure.
The district population is projected at 549,000, a growth rate of 4.
We are twice armed if we fight with faith.
Church of Uganda knocks off sh1.
President Mujica of Uruguay exiting his presidential limo.
Are you a smart spender?
The gunmen are still within the mall.
German doctors have given details of how an experimental drug together with advanced intensive care helped save a Ugandan physician who had been airlifted from Sierra Leone with Ebola.
Amateur video shows bottles of alcohol all over Artcaffe after a drinking spree.
The fear comes after fake condoms were found circulating on the Ugandan market.
Will he be in this year’s olympics?
VisionGroup will launch a farmers website!
Experts dissect the issue.
thats a lie eg lastfriday 19/04/2013 at POpe Paul Memorial Hotel interviews was a market of interested people!
Only Chinese,where are Ugandans please?
Museveni also offered sh50m to the team.
We will offer a forum for people to market their products, get inputs, expose them to international and local markets, farming news plus tips on value addition.
Do YOU HAVE ANY PLOT FOR SCHOOL LEAVERS?
Find out why he is in trouble.
A Senior Two student in Kampala was on Wednesday morning reportedly kidnapped while on his way to school by unknown people who are demanding a huge ransom.
President Museveni,Emorimori meet over Tororo fracas #EPAPER- https://vpg.
Which service provider is Nvtv?
Faces of Uganda we all desire to live in!
“Those who are not ready to serve Kenyans should shut up and allow us to improve the lives of Kenyans,” Uhuru said.
Residents say that Anite's action has not only angered them but also frustrated health service delivery in the municipality.
That'S good, keep it up!
Al and religious statures of society.
Who are these people?
So, who takes the billions in NSSF?
However, there is still a high unmet need of 32.
District chairpersons demand pay rise by over seven times.
Treat the hostages later n @#% the terrorists.
The New Vision is with Robert Ndiko and 5 others.
Is it okay for my daughter to skip a class?
This follows cancellation of travels to Mecca and Medina.
An explosion rocked several buildings across from the offices of the Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation building in Abuja just now.
Land: Seven people jailed for messing about with the Commission of Inquiry into land management headed by Justice Catherine Bamugemereire.
News about the hotel followed a day of uncertainty as domestic soccer body FUFA was kept guessing as to exactly when the Zambian national side would arrive for the decisive Nations Cup qualifier due Saturday.
👴🏽👵🏽 Many of us drew lessons from them - and enjoyed their captivating stories around the fireplace.
It was produced and hosted by its namesake, Oprah Winfrey, and remains the highest-rated talk show in American television history.
Mulago wants patients to pay medical fees.
Meet Pragna Sree who donated sh10m to animals.
"If #ICC finds #Ongwen not guilty, there will be no compensation.
Just imagine the madness some people leave in barracks and had gotten used to cooking with electricity but now I understand they have installed YAKA how really for God's sake can this mbu yaka afford to provide enough electricity for those families to prepare food ?
After a year of draining ha honey pot u want to chase ha?
The Police in Bundibugyo are battling with supporters of Moses Kiiza Acrobert & Christopher Kibanzanga who are in a tight race for the position of Bughendera County in Bundibugyo.
Share with us in the comments or write to us at online@newvision.
now you cant marry agov't gal without being taxed thru reg.
He always wants to pull me out of that Job.
The WALKING MAN:The climax of the 400km walk-How it ended.
The New Vision is with Kakule Peter and David Masiele.
At least 33 ministries, departments, and agencies (MDAs) spent government revenues and donor funds to a tune of sh448b without appropriation from parliament.
Witnesses tell of cartel behind their move to quit case.
Is Mbabazi heading back to Cabinet?
Get the hottest news in Saturday Vision.
Baby albino sea turtle with its brothers and sisters.
1973: President Idi Amin announced the appointment of John Babiiha as Presidential Adviser.
Thanks to the New Younger King !
What does fatherhood mean to you?
If you don't set the tone for the day, the devil will set it for you.
A key prosecution witness in a Geoffrey Kazinda case has been turned into a suspect over the loss of sh316m in the Office of the Prime Minister.
The modern city of 1.
If I like a guy,” says Hope Mbabazi, a university student, “I will do my best to find out what he likes and do exactly that, just to impress him.
Pope WANTS LORD'S PRAYER CHANGED.
Congo based Ugandan rebels Chief; Jamil Mukulu paraded to journalists.
Goal Man City 2-2 Burnley (81 mins) The visitors are level!
The climax of the Golden Jubilee is slated for October 18 this year.
An ipad costs under US$400.
I rushed to him to inquire.
It is a wrong interpretation of the Christian message," he adds; and Dr Love agrees with him.
Let EC find importance in the legitimacy and the credibility of an election.
Lord we are grateful to see another day.
she was one of them who were tormenting Sarah Kagingo.
That boy will be paid in the same currency.
The New Vision is with Beattrice Okello.
Participants will get information on the costs and opportunities in Uganda, East African Community and Africa .
People like Mumbere should be thrown in burning fire so that he dies slowly while feeling the pain including his supporting wicked oppositions.
External sources of finance for infrastructure in #Africa.
What are Your Predictions?
Atleast the DH & reading rooms are surviving by solar.
Tokyo🇯🇵 #Olympics have been postponed to next year due to the #coronavirus crisis 😷 👉🏽.
City boda-boda cyclists to hold fresh elections https://t.
They only arrest those from private companies.
1970: Government appointed Jayant Madhvani as the Managing Director of the newly formed Export and Import Corporation.
Calls for mothers to donate breast milk.
And another shirt which he wore in a 2017 World Cup qualification game against Holland went for three times its estimate at 3,000 euros.
The East African Legislative Assembly at Parliament in Kampala.
And yet even against hapless opposition like Turkmenistan, that seemed to be a major problem for the Nations Cup-bound Cranes.
What is rape and defilement?
Some people are real beasts and savages awaiting to burn deep in hell.
The senseless murder was committed on Monday night when a hooded man knocked at the 26-year old's door and pumped a bullet in his chest.
Sa ai un Craciun Fericit si sa traiesti in Sarbatoare, sa-ti miroase a brad in casa si mai multe bucurii.
Church or Mosqe are semblance of heaven and must be void of any tribal and political diffences.
Bagunywa served Buganda in different ministerial capacities including in education, local government and culture.
Let’S not forget Jajja….
If everybody z nt paying who wil pay.
Electoral commission chief Maxon Mbendera declared Mutharika "president-elect" after last week's vote, which Banda said was marred by "serious irregularities" and "null and void".
“The people who are supposed to enforce the law tell me, ‘don’t touch my 20 kiosks.
I advise you to fast and pray for the funds.
According to the hospital’s senior pediatrician Dr. John Sekabira, one of the twins died before surgery.
The New Vision is with kim_chen_iin.
Any Business Today Needs A Website For Marketing Purposes.
#Bgexpoug BATTLE OF THE DJs; It's going down tonight!
Lecturers are running away from medical schools across Africa for better salaries in non-governmental and international organisations, a study has revealed:.
Here in Uganda at that age .
Land forces commander has warned MPs.
For just the second time ever an HIV patient is in sustained remission from the virus in what was hailed by experts Tuesday as proof that the AIDS-causing condition could one day be curable.
A ghost town in Canada's westernmost wilds has been sold to a Chinese real estate developer who intends to bring it back to life, according the realtor;http://bit.
i give it A+.
⚽️ #EPL: COMING UP NEXT .
🎄 ✍🏽 President Museveni has wished all Ugandans "healing and divine joy" this #Christmas, and has also reminded people not to let their guard down amid the #coronavirus pandemic.
Grab your copy of the New Vision for only trending news and more-https://vpg.
I wonder why all these Western leaders only stop in Kenya and Ethiopia they never come to uganda just wondering .
I, the Somalilander gratuate from KU and KIU respectively, proud of the UPF.
Stir the shrimp back into the sauce, and season to taste with salt and pepper.
'When our staff members test positive while on duty, we remove them from work yet some are critical staff.
See the shocking details in Saturday Vision -vpg.
People Are gonna be Brutally Murdered in the Same Way Till Ugandans Will Gain COURAGE & LIBERATE THEMSELVES.
The Kabula County Member of Parliament, James Kakooza has dragged Uganda Revenue Authority (URA) to court in Kampala for allegedly taxing his gratuity funds.
Ugandans we don't decide, it's as if we don't know what we're capable of, this is our country, why someone has to decide everything by himself, seriously, Ugandans wake up.
Read FRIDAY's #VisionGroup newspapers at ease.
The African Union Chair person; Dr Dlamini Zuma said; "Other than the #Burundi Court, all interpretations of the constitution and Arusha Agreements are clear that there shouldn't be a third term".
Uganda'S dream of qualifying for the ICC Division II Cricket League might end in tatters after failing to secure transit visas through the United Kingdom.
But its not 2 bad coz jesus din't die 4 nothing he dead 4 our sins even those who shot abiriga a 4given.
The 450 Blackberry phones that were procured for communication during the CHOGM in 2007, are being sold at give-away prices, New Vision has learnt.
, Sorry for Buganda and Uganda at Large.
Grab more space at your roof top.
Who are the nominees for the Top 40 under 40 entrepreneurs this week?
Christmas celebrations in Mijale village, Keriwa sub-county in Yumbe district were brought to a standstill after an unidentified gunman shot dead a woman.
The court has absolved businessman Abid Alam of charges of colluding with Police officers to defeat the course of justice.
Find out what he said about former IGP Gen.
This happened after a hippopotamus was killed on spot when a speeding Toyota Land Cruiser hit the animal around Queen Elizabeth Park.
President Yoweri Museveni wants investors given multiple entry visas to avoid inconveniences in the investment process.
Be aware that you're constantly being watched by your kids.
De first pple to be prosecuted 1.
Uganda Journalists Association elections flop amid chaos and tear gas.
The world z confused, people create diseases in order 2 earn something 4 their stomachs.
We cry to you for healing.
In 1993, he started St. Lawrence's Citizen's High School with only six students.
But still 30 People going to get it wasn't a good Idea!
She has been rushed to Nakasero Hospital.
Question is, What does Christmas mean to you?
Queen of da Tennis court!
Three days after delivering the babies normally, Kawunde cannot afford a decent meal, beddings or even baby clothes for the babies.
Vitamin A is necessary for a strong immune system, strong bones, teeth, good skin, hair and nails.
when u learn that, perhaps he will listen to your amens and blind prayers.
Any Ugandan with a sound mind knew that Bukenya's utterances against the President were out of frastration.
Four Members of Parliament (MPs) are among the 61 suspects arrested in Kayunga for various electoral offences, Police has said.
To correct this anomaly, I am proposing a 10% excise duty on fees charged on withdrawals.
Let them be convicted.
We will have all of them online here .
The point that this Pakasa Youth Awards contender makes is very pertinent considering that many young people will give lack of capital as the biggest hindrance to venturing out in business today.
#Fact: Although Einstein was married twice, he had 10 mistresses and famously told his first wife to "expect neither intimacy nor fidelity".
City hall court has fined Pius Akanyijuka of Bukoto in Kampala sh500,000 for sending what court termed as 'threatening love massages' to his former girlfriend.
Pope Francis is being "constantly monitored" for signs of the coronavirus, after the 83-year old pontiff met with a cardinal who later tested positive.
Make your suitcase easily identifiable by tying brightly colored fabric or ribbon to the handles.
Will the new Cabinet deliver?
President Yoweri Museveni shares a drink with locals while he was on his way to Bundibujjo district.
The attack started at around 11am.
Whatever is making my family anxious, I ask that You comfort them, and that they can rest in Your complete sovereignty.
They had to kill him since his bosses were aware .
But I am just wondering what an 8 year old was doing at night prayers instead of being left home to sleep.
While each person was allowed to register a maximum of four numbers, a man was found with 91 sim cards.
Bail 4 counter terrorism?
Kati batadewo mobile money transactions.
Communities in Teso have been warned against mingling in bars, trading centres and other crowded places as it puts them at risk of contracting tuberculosis.
He was a living hero, a true nationalist and a person I always refers to as an example who MPs should be like him, Eng.
Some members of the Democratic Party (DP) have asked court to nullify the election of Norbert Mao as party president and to dismiss his new executive.
However, WHO expert Bruce Aylward, warned of outbreaks in other countries "increasing at exponential growth rates".
Jubilation as KAYIHURA gets bail.
who has bewiched uganda?
George Bagamuhunda has condemned the increasing acts of sexual immorality among the youth in Uganda.
We do not know where he is," says Madaba.
We the obs and ogs of City high school are not happy using our school picture to report such.
your sports therefore are not needed this time.
We go uganda cranes, hapi holdin cecaf .
The solution would be to try to mitigate the adverse consequences associated with the process.
#Ubet: #UCL MATCH OF THE DAY - Paris Saint Germain Vs.
Who are surveyors and what do they do?
And she smiles like it's an achievement of the century to her.
"Let'S use the Christmas period to renew our relationship with the church and fellow humans," said Rev Fr Methodius Barigye.
The Niceness recipe for a fine Sunday is here.
Get a copy of the New Vision for details #EPAPER-https://vpg.
Are you aware of any case of women battering their husbands, if so please share your experiences and pictures with us.
I think every farming activities needs sufficient area so hydroponic farming is not a solution.
00pm local time, by armed men riding on a motorcycle in Kiwatule as she returned home from work.
Find out what the lecturers have agreed on and when the university will be opened, in today's New Vision.
But I wish you tell us all the ten countries.
Teachers, according to a new proposal, should be the highest-paid professionals in the country.
The New Vision is with Joewe Ria.
WE NOW KNOW YOU AT COVERING MUSEVENI IN THIS COMING VOTING but i can asure you am NRM but me i can't vote musevenni, is too old.
Ever since it became clear that Gen Mugisha Muntu was set to form a new party, there has been debate whether the FDC’s grip on the opposition was about to be consigned to the political archives.
#Sebaggala replies: "I calculate using subscriber numbers".
if students only aim to study & reduce Sex working.
A bulk of the accidents occurred between 10pm and 7am.
Which hairstylist would you prefer and why?
The Buganda Road Chief Magistrates' Court in Kampala has charged and remanded a lawyer for allegedly stealing over sh444m from Uganda Nurses and Midwives Council (UNMC).
How different is dat city from Bwaise, Kampala Uganda?
* Sematimba nominated* *Passport office raided* http://epaper.
Masaka diocese pilgrims have started their great trek to Namugongo ahead of this year’s Uganda Martyr’s Day celebration.
I can not blame blatter b'se al pple who a in his AGE and beyond, leavg power in peaceful way is hard eg Robert Mugabe and that 1 whom u kno so i request Psychologist 2 start lookg these p'ple's age.
You deserve quality tyres with perfect performance on the road.
Details in the Thursday New Vision.
Like the page and win a chance to do your internship with Vision Group.
Therefore, you must test your soils.
Cycling'S road race world championships look set to take place in Africa for the first time in 2025, with the sport's governing body the UCI set to rubber stamp Rwanda's candidacy on Friday.
If I was the one in charge I would first apprehend this recruit and investigate under which circumstances did this soldier reach a point of getting that un disclosed amount of money from him/her coz many of the times they are the one's who force these officers with their little money coz they want to succeed due to their excessive number that worries those who are inpatient.
Is it a poor cousin of women's day.
For the past few days the nation has been shaken by news of the end of the marriage between Christopher Thomas and Princess Komuntale of Tooro.
The 24,000 condoms were wrapped in 8 boxes of 3,000 condoms each, the condoms with USAID marks have just been delivered by the State Minister for Primary Health, Hon.
Uganda has resolved to pull out of all regional efforts, including peace keeping missions in Somalia over a UN report.
The New Vision is with Ssekitooleko Emmanuel and 8 others.
Keep one day in a week to do all the exercises which you hate the most and mostly before the rest day.
The important thing is to start nurturing a culture of mutual appreciation.
The New Vision is with Nsumba Ahmed.
Just like before all because of the herbs dr osalumese prepare for me.
Govt sets new guidelines to improve service delivery .
City TYCOON DEAD, Police start probe after Kasiwukira found dead outside his house in Muyenga.
Nrm says it is exploring available legal options to save its members ejected from Parliament by Friday’s Constitutional Court ruling.
If you can't kill him, leave him in the hands of mob (acholi, lango, teso, west Nile, south sudanese, etc) and see if he lives again.
Level of corruption at medical sector makes seeking medical treatment in public hospitals unaffordable for average Ugandan.
I’M a 22-year-old second year student at university.
i thought they are Ugandans too.
It also means that #Liverpool are TWO wins from being crowned Premier League champions.
Visitors to the Uganda Museum on Kitante Road, in Kampala, enjoy viewing what is displayed in the main gallery.
When two people kiss, they exchange between 10 million and 1 billion bacteria.
Do you think Cameroon will stand a chance?
Oh yes, let the Somalis now take responsibility of their own security.
The New Vision is with Owek Musau Collins and 4 others.
It’S been a fun three months for campusers but it’s time to head back home to the rude reminder that life is not an endless party.
its stayin that way that is da problem!
I hope they'll undertake a viable research.
After acquiring a Master of Arts in Music, Nicholas Busobozi showed his dexterity as he danced to a song he composed - Ndimuwanguzi - during Kyambogo University's 17th graduation last week.
"If President Museveni so wishes, and provides himself as a candidate for elections, I will support him.
The complaint was made by the Mbale Comprehensive school proprietor, Bernard Osenda, during the presentation of Federation of Uganda Employers annual report of 2012 to the Eastern Uganda Employers association at Resort hotel in Mbale.
Mubs thump UMU to retain UFL title.
All set for #Pakasa2 .
Pope: I will respond hypothetically.
Uganda is laying the wrong fibre optic cable for the national backbone infrastructure.
Mr Ongwen will be the first LRA member to face trial at the ICC.
Spanish midfielder Isco and Austrian defender David Alaba have joined Real Madrid's list of players contracting Covid-19.
A family of four perished this afternoon when the Toyota Land Cruiser they were travelling in was engulfed in flames after it overturned along Soroti-Katawi road.
first of all things if they like this country, why not plan a new city?
This calls for more activity and feeding.
I thought that was the work of traffic police.
Buganda Road Chief magistrate’s court has summoned the Uganda People’s Congress (UPC) party president, Olara Otunnu for allegedly defaming the President.
Victoria Sekitoleko: Thank you New Vision for thinking of a situation where you liberate me from looking for information about Uganda agriculture, and i am given information from Australia, from Colombia.
In my country they would have been reported direct to the national medical board by the patient and lost their medical licence direct with such behaviour.
It'S 10kfor kids and free for adults.
Being pals with your man is great in theory.
That is how shrewd businessmen exploit and take advantage of rotten and "Mafia" riddled Govts.
cause damage just as physical blows do.
Here comes dangerman Emma Okwi.
Third-Placed Manchester City, who recently lost 3-2 at Anfield, are a point further back, but have a match in hand and will be hoping Brendan Rodgers' men slip up.
The Police have issued new guidelines for public gatherings and events in Kampala.
in 28 years no addition,no multiplication?
Send us a pic of you & your child, describing your most memorable fathering moment and send to Sunday@newvision.
Every child is born with the ability to communicate, and right from birth, babies interact with their environment.
Profile: Sam Kahamba Kutesa, President of the sixty-ninth session of the United Nations General Assembly.
Rwanda bans use of speakers in mosques.
Imagine wats the background about this killing!
Another robot, Atlas, is a humanoid cyborg capable of crossing rough terrain and can maintain its balance on one leg even when hit from the side.
The New Vision added 255 new photos.
Find details in today's paper-https://vpg.
She Cranes’ World Cup qualifying campaign was a scandal and the manner in which the cash scrapped netballers battled through the qualifiers in Botswana was so humbling that the organisers were touched.
But now that it has come I'm now a crime preventer.
The two pigs which are currently being kept at police’s special investigations unit (SIU) in Kireka, were last week transferred from parliament’s Bauman house where they were being kept after Muslim MPs complained that the pigs were inconveniencing them.
But how safe is the water you are drinking?
Thinking of evicting your tenant(s) over rent arrears.
Update FROM RED CROSS: We have an ambulance deployed that is providing evacuation services.
Unra executive director, Allen Kagina, said the biggest problem is the swampy sections in project areas, which she said forced the entity to redesign the entire project thereby delaying works on the road.
Co-Pilot hijacks plane after pilot goes to toilet.
So now who shold meet that coasts for your defense are u mad?
Struggle, for me, is the most inspirational thing in the world at the end of the day - as long as you treat it that way.
There are around three dams exporting power from kasese but its even more expensive in the area to access power.
Africans do not seek to impose their views on anybody.
Now: Kabaka Mutebi visiting President Museveni at State House, Nakasero, this year.
if you ask them.
The concept is already disturbing enough as it is.
How Museveni made Kayihura powerful-All in SundayVision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
For many years in a row, the Police is the leading violator of rights.
The grants, an equivalent of sh25,000 per month given out in form of a bimonthly cash allowance is given to older persons above 65 years of age (60 years for Karamoja region) to enable them meet their personal needs.
He last appeared in Rubaga Hospital to see musician Gravity who was allegedly shot in Mityana.
For the second year, due the pandemic restrictions on mass gatherings, Watoto Church’s famed nativity production will be telecast on social media and selected TVs.
The New Vision is with Baana Stella and 3 others.
When you make things up, it makes me doubt the entire story.
Queen Elizabeth looks amazing!
Family, by revealing that he has two daughters.
7 million devices shipped.
How mch will the insurance earn?
If she is banned, what is it to do with Uganda?
But since he is innocent why not give blood samples to finally convince the world.
Since I joined them,my life has been great.
The New Vision is with Eragon Kishan and Kisitu Uthman.
Forensic investigations might not establish the cause of the fire that gutted Owino market on Sunday because the scene tampered with, Police chief Kale Kayihura has disclosed http://see.
,i wait fr my time to show up for myself b4 showing up for others.
Museveni said the system has created an attitude among parents and learners to only look for white collar jobs, thus failing to address unemployment among thousands of graduates as well as the rampant poverty.
When 18-year-old Peruse Namiiro, a resident of Waluga Village, Mukono, went into labour last Monday, she did exactly what her nurses had advised her to do — rush to hospital immediately.
Yoweri Kaguta Museveni: "Those people denigrating the army…Muntu and Besigye, how many tasks has the army achieved since they left?
- See more at:http://bit.
We have no choice but to be there!
Archbishop Kaziimba pointed out the Church House project as one of the Church's important initiatives, which the young people should know and offer their goodwill and support.
Kooki comprises of parts of Kyotera and Rakai districts.
Two South African children are suing the church of popular evangelist preacher TB Joshua after the collapse of one of its buildings in Nigeria killed their father in 2014.
To add salt to injury, the man she knew as her best friend and confidant breathed his last on January 27, leaving her alone in this dire state.
But this is not the case.
<P><Em>"To make Android more accessible for everyone, we're launching new tools that make it easier to control your phone and communicate using facial gestures," Google said.
But the situation appears different with the Ugandan athlete, who also doubles as a world champion.
The New Vision is with Kizza Martinez.
These are very beautiful.
Quoting a friend of the deceased, Gonzaga Ssekate, the report stated that Sarah had come to Dubai on a holiday and decided to cut short her stay after she began to feel unwell.
The New Vision is with Phyl Lis and 2 others.
Dear God, I trust in your unfailing love and your promises.
Lord, you know the struggles that I will face today.
The State Of the Nation Address generally left many poeple in deep sorrows because many sectors have declined though he tried to tint them better in his S.O.N ADRESS!
Mama you are an inspiration to many.
and the magma to go where!
What do you think should be done to improve the current situation?
There's no one to trust.
Find out how this happened, in today's paper.
What about Uganda ?
#You want to become a midwife?
That starts with the PlayStation 4 Slim, available now, along with the PlayStation VR headset (out next month) and the higher-powered PS4 Pro, which comes out in November.
The New Vision is with Dvon Marvins and Baguma Noah.
Let him tell us what he has lacked.
President Yoweri Museveni is expected to make the State of the Nation Address, 2020 later to day.
So the drivers over speed in some sections of the road and reduce speed as they approach the fika.
May God encourage ur loved ones.
install kadeal now and start posting pics and prices of what your selling!
Fans who started throwing stones at the referees were protesting the award of a penalty.
we need the 3 points so urgently to qualify.
Sarah Nabikolo, her sister Sandra Nakungu and Ashiraf Jadin a Police Constable at Muyenga Police Station appeared before Makindye Court.
Uganda'S Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) leader Kizza Besigye (front R), in the company of his wife Winnie Byanyima (front C), leaves Jomo Kenyatta International Airport (JKIA) May 11, 2011.
let them surprise us and set their selfish interest aside.
Today, Glorious primary school and kindergarten is one of the thriving early education institutions in Wakiso district.
The suspect in custody is Private John Taddeo Bbaale No.
At 8:00pm on Wilson Street, through the rush of people going to the park, a boy of about 18 years, bends to feast his eyes on nude pictures of DVD covers.
A female shark held at a British zoo is expecting two babies, despite having never come into contact with a male of her species for more than two years, scientists believe.
According to the World Health Organisation (WHO), antimicrobial resistance (AMR) happens when bacteria, viruses, parasites, and fungi develop resistance against medicines that were previously able to cure them.
After 14 years in exile in Kenya, Lawrence Mukiibi, an education graduate from Makerere University returned home to teach in a primary school.
Well isn't that being triple blessed?
4 buses stuck on road.
Police standards team is in Arua to probe cops’ misconduct.
Cong'S Mr. Atigo Monday.
The subsidy obligation stood at more than sh400b for 2011 alone, forcing electricity generators to switch off their machines because Uganda Electricity Transmission Company (UETCL) could not pay the investors.
About 40 Ugandans are living in Sri Lanka, the Velluppillai Kananathan, the Consul General of Sri Lanka to Uganda told New Vision as he condemned the gruesome attacks.
Bt lets 4 our baba always to be remembered.
Just IN: Two Ugandan traders have reportedly been killed in Zhanpande trading center in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Read about how he has done it tomorrow in Pakasa only in The New Vision.
More than 3,000 people contributed to an online poll aimed at raising awareness of unsightly species that play an important role in the ecological web.
But he chose to return home and work as a barber in his own salon!
Dear Lord, I trust in your unfailing love and your promises.
Every year on your birthday, you get a chance to start new.
The exercise involved all the armed forces.
A suicide bomber targeting Islam's holiest site of Mecca blew himself up around the Grand Mosque, where hundreds of thousands of worshippers gathered for early afternoon prayers.
Subscribe for a digital copy;http: //bit.
⚽️ Second-half goals from Morata, Chiesa and Ronaldo clinched an important win for #Juventus.
The New Vision is with Katusiime Asia and 2 others.
Angolan President Jose Eduardo dos Santos has appointed his daughter Isabel as head of state oil firm Sonangol, Angola National State Radio (RNA) reports.
The Homes and Construction pullout shows you how to bring the love ❤️ home this Valentines day.
Senior army officer, Brig.
He is allowed unlimited access to his lawyers, family and party officials, among others, and is not in any way hindered from preparing to legally challenge the results of the Presidential Elections if he so chooses to do so,” Inspector General of the Police Kale Kayihura said in a statement.
Why didn't you start small?
How many do museven move with?
They have a lion share in promoting corruption!
Nepal has lost to Kenya by five wickets in its final match of the ICC WCL Division 2 held at Affies Park, Windhoek (neutral venue) on Friday, January 23, 2015.
may u oh Lord make away wea seems to be no way.
Submit your essay to mychina@newvision.
In a controversial shift, a leading US medical association on Tuesday urged women to wait until the age of 45 before getting an annual mammogram to screen for breast cancer.
Prepare your child to shine in their class with Vision Group’s revision workbooks.
New Prime Minister; Hon.
Now on SALE- https://vpg.
Are you ready for Africa's 🔥best?
1998: Juventus' French midfielder Zinedine Zidane was named best football player in Europe and won Ballon d'Or.
Augustus Nuwagaba, has been kicked out of the race for the next Vice Chancellor of Makerere University.
Should government forcefully resettle the residents who are still unwilling to move?
Chad's President Idriss Deby, elected African Union chairman at the two-day summit, criticised the court for focusing its efforts on African leaders.
But who is this also,coz its my first my first to know him.
Salt: Nutritional value, the downside and why you should limit your intake.
After the rice has simmered for the 15 minutes, remove it from the heat.
Less than a million shillings was fundraised for the singer who needs at least sh200m for medication.
Seize all assets acquired from the proceeds of corruption.
A two week infertility clinic was held in Uganda by Saint Francis Mutolere Mission Hospital in Kisoro district and Albert Einstein School of Medicine in New York.
A man said to be a Primary Seven drop-out has been arrested by security personnel in Lira district over posing as a doctor.
A team of Local Defence Unit (LDU) personnel has intercepted a batch of stolen government drugs in Ganda village, Nansana Municipality, Wakiso district.
we are humans wat desire did many hve dne it only that their lovers are nt uncouth!
Fufa has made changes to its executive committee reshuffling its chairman of Referees Standing Committee Samuel Mpiima.
what is your view on this?
The university is supposed to pay sh450m per month to Bank of Uganda, as part of the funds that the Government reverts to it, for its operations.
Around 2,000 legal cases have been opened in Turkey for insulting Recep Tayyip Erdogan, since he became president 18 months ago.
There was no agreement on the issue .
The New Vision is with Omuzibu Reagan Ricky.
The She Cranes will have to overcome the sprung floor to defeat South Africa in the SPAR Challenge Tri-Nations that throws off at the Cape Town International Convention Centre today.
<P><Em>It was raw emotions during the funeral prayers for the late Bulaimu Muwanga Kibirige in Kampala.
Nyangasi is set to be sentenced after he was last Friday convicted for his wife’s murder more than two years ago when, in a fit of anger; he squeezed the life out of her owing to property wrangles.
He marked his birthday yesterday.
Are we on it?
Defence ministry responds to Arua Hotel owner claims.
Lady justice Catherine Bamugemereire to head judicial commission of inquiry into lands ministry.
It should be noted that once tuition fees are increased at Makerere, all other public universities are likely to follow suit.
The insurgents have seized several cities and are threatening Baghdad.
otherwise very ambitious plan can't be achieve by word of mouth .
Yesterday is gone and today is a good day to be glad and give thanks, and I do, oh!
⚽️ "Players should be open.
This was during the ground breaking ceremony for the development of oil transportation system through Lake Victoria at Bukasa on June 16, 2017.
Kale: I used to say that when I retire from police, I will be a crime preventer.
They are aboard #Emirates arilnes which is already headed towards Uganda.
I lived in exile in Kenya for 12 years.
However much rain falls on a leopard it might shiver but can never change its spots.
Hundreds throng Entebbe to Welcome President Museveni back from New York.
More details coming up shortly.
The resolution calls for an EU-wide arms embargo against the country, until alleged breaches of international humanitarian law in Yemen have been investigated, the group wrote.
Instead of simply saying, "You're great," try to be specific about what your child did to deserve the positive feedback.
Volkswagen shares surged by more than eight percent Friday despite the global pollution scandal.
Kenyan minister looking real fan but ours is like a stranger.
#China wants to build high-speed railway to #US through #Siberia and #Bering Strait.
Excitement in Arua as court grants bail to Wadri.
no communication is effected here.
Police are hunting for ruthless thugs who are believed to have beheaded a mother and her 14-year old son, Hakim Kato, in their house at Katikamu village in Masaka district.
Happy Eid celebration to all de moslem community in Uganda and world wide.
A Ugandan doctor has been voted among the best Liberian personalities for the year 2014 for her brave fight against Ebola.
The Principal Judge, Yorokamu Bamwine has warned the Electoral Commission against disobeying court orders and twisting laws to suit its interests.
Coz some landlords have really been patient and so good.
2Nd SESSION is underway and the focus is TOPIC 2: "How to speed up on the productive cooperation between Uganda and China to promote the industrialization in Uganda"?
As other cars ignored cries for help and drove past, Kasingye decided to stop and find out what was going on.
Recruitment of graduates seeking to join the professional ranks of the Uganda Peoples Defence Forces (UPDF) Kicked off on Monday morning at Kololo Independence grounds.
It has been revealed.
The New Vision added 9 new photos — in Kakiri.
(Pictures taken by Donald Kirya).
Turn your Swag by giving it a redefined touch and exquisite blend.
U have insighted ugandans,we shall carry two!
Bombo Road, traffic is building up from Wandegeya traffic lights.
Who is in Entebber?
Want-Away striker Kylian Mbappe said Tuesday he would finish the current season with Paris Saint-Germain, at which time he becomes a free agent.
The army has joined the immigration fraud investigations as some officials have gone missing.
Andrew Karamagi, on January 31, 2014 attacked the Attorney General (AG) Peter Nyombi while giving a speech during the celebrations to mark the New Law Year at the High court.
Special SECTION : 'Why choose an international school?
Would you support the idea of married men becoming priests in the Catholic Church as mooted by Pope Francis?
He looks like a Kenyan, he sounds like a Kenyan, he runs like a Kenyan, and he trains in Kenya, with Kenyans.
• Prayers at 9.
The Permanent Secretary in the ministry of Internal affairs Steven Kagoda has said that they support the review, in order to clear the bottlenecks to enable them complete the process on time.
They got married two years ago.
Venezuela has expelled the European Union's ambassador to Caracas in response to new sanctions, giving the Portuguese envoy 72 hours to leave the country and raising the bloc's renewed ire.
The question is: when someone you love passes on, does their Facebook profile live on?
** We are now at 8-8.
Batulekemu nabo ffe tulinze kulayila.
In Homes: A septic tank should not be a threat in your home.
Muhoozi Kainerugaba has been promoted to Brigadier becoming the first commander of the Special Forces Command.
That is until you go out to queue for it at the NIRA points.
The New Vision is with Musa Moses and Moses Nathan Muhangi.
Putin has invited Raisi to Moscow early next year "in the framework of strategic interaction between Iran and Russia", said Ali Bahadori Jahromi.
Edward Rurangaranga and two other officials http://ow.
From the 15th to 17th Feb 2019 between 5:30 pm and 7:00 pm, #VisionGroup will avail farming experts to discuss the available markets, standards expected and how one can penetrate these markets.
Idris from Tanzania Is the winner of the Big Brother Hotshots this year.
S biggest capital and commercial city.
Police have arrested five teachers of a primary school in Wakiso district found conducting classes, at a time when physical instruction in lower-level schools is not allowed due to the coronavirus pandemic.
2Nd HALF ON: Uganda 1 Zambia 0.
The New Vision is with Salongo Matovu Kalooli and 4 others.
Album Transport in Lira District.
President Yoweri Museveni has lauded cultural institutions in Uganda for contributing to patriotism in the country, Pan-Africanism within Africa and modernisation.
Pope wants 'airport bishops' grounded.
Look at the innocent lives lost as a result of clinging to power by just one individual!
When are we implementing ours?
The New Vision is with Carriole Kayla and SK Kabangala.
Fund-Raising at Kyambogo Chaplaincy on Sunday.
Our Radios Are Now Borderless!
Join Vision Group to conserve and extend the life of Lake Victoria.
Do not miss your hard or soft copy here.
Nagenda on Pope Francis begging for pardon .
Best thing that has happened to Uganda is kiprotich.
Mombasa (AFP) - Gunmen in Kenya attacked a busy coastal town late Sunday, spraying bullets as they opened fire from two minibuses, the army said, adding the attackers were suspected to be Islamist insurgents.
Geraldine Ssali is deputy MD and Wejuli is Corporation secretary.
“By the grace of God, I recovered, but COVID-19 is real and it’s killing people.
NASA will then compare those results to his identical twin brother, retired astronaut Mark Kelly.
The ICT minister Dr. Ruhakana Rugunda has expressed concern over unsolicited messages that telecom companies send to mobile phone users.
Uganda will not reward me for a good work, only God will,” Mulindwa told a news conference this morning.
The National Social Security Fund (NSSF) has opened up to public scrutiny in preparation for the liberalisation of the pensions sector, unveiling plans to invest in the Kenyan securities market.
Choose a globally recognised accounting qualification that is relevant to every sector, has a flexible learning approach, and gives you the skills and knowledge to be work-ready.
The first witness in the trial of former Ivorian president Laurent Gbagbo gave a harrowing account Wednesday of being shot at by troops loyal to the ex-leader during an unarmed march after 2010 polls.
The more frequently couples cycle back and forth between being together and being apart, the more their relationships tend to deteriorate to involve negative interactions, less satisfaction, and less commitment .
It’S said that Bernard Muhoozi, a resident of Kyabandaara, was Tuesday arrested by the Rwanyamukinya Police officers for assaulting his LCI chairman known only as Samuel.
Three Senior Six students of Sciences recently made drugs from pawpaw [papaya] seeds.
Get copy in New Vision #EPAPER - https://vpg.
President Yoweri Museveni has commended the tremendous work done by members of the Judicial Commission of Inquiry into allegations of corruption in the Uganda National Roads’ Authority (UNRA).
Time is ticking away as we get closer to an epic encounter between Uganda Cranes and the Lions of Teranga.
The human body is mostly made of water.
It never crossed his mind that he would ever become a teacher; in fact he did not want anything to do with teaching.
Kenzo, it was alleged, had moved out of their posh home in Seguku, Wakiso district and sought refuge at.
🔹 Who can go to work from today?
Hope non of the delegates is flying from Europe, the virus has already spread over there.
President Yoweri Museveni hands a dummy cheque of shs 200m to Olympic Marathon champion Stephen Kiprotich.
God does not bless people who do evil.
Last year a poll suggested that Kenyans are the least romantic in East Africa,the survey was conducted by a research firm Ipsos-Synovate ahead of Valentine’s Day 2014.
President Yoweri Museveni has ordered the sacking of leaders in the districts of Soroti, Lira, Kabaale and Kisoro over stolen road signposts.
Handshake Report: What Next?
The strike has paralysed activities at many schools aross the country.
According to the title card, the film is set in "Manhattan, Christmas Vacation, not so long ago," and follows a group of well-heeled friends returning to their Fifth Avenue homes from college in time for the holiday parties (and after-parties).
Is Tanzania in the mix?
En Wea z dat dime to be alocated?
Security agencies have arrested one person in connection with the attack on Gen.
Who are the Ministers and army chiefs involved in land fraud?
#Tuskerprojectfame6: Contestants get ready for tonight's probation show.
Full story in the Sunday Vision - https://vpg.
A team of footballers was among the boat that capsized on Lake Albert.
The politicians who collected papers include Emmanuel Tumusiime, Forum for Integrity in Leadership, Sadrak Ogemba of the Peoples United Movement and Sulaiman Masaba of the Uganda People’s Party.
When she realized that her salary was too little to support her and the family, she decided to start a school.
Leero ge makka ga Mwoyo Mutuukirivu mu Batume.
Former Soroti county MP Peter Omolo is dead.
The iron don doesnt launch missiles, it deflects them.
Live: Uganda Cranes Vs Zanzibar.
Does anyone know where she is?
If you frame or kill people, do you do it for God & our country"?
The ceremony was held under the theme, “Celebrating our heritage”.
Get the details in New Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Read details in the New Vision- https://vpg.
G has changed,u get an accident,they just can't be around,wen they finally come,they want money with out even establishing the cause of accident,go to cps en see confusion of highest order,no body can even help u write a statement,its horrible living in ug!
Family loses sh30b property, accuses bank of fraud.
The Ugandan man who is said to have stabbed his wife to death in London has been charged with the murder and remanded in custody.
Has it rained where you are?
Information minister and spin doctor Jonathan Moyo told the paper that Mugabe's fall was not news as anyone -- "even Jesus" -- could have tripped in that situation.
Ivan Bogere's brace & Kenneth Semakula's goal helped Hippos to progress.
Results released by the health ministry on June 7, show that COVID-19 tests done, confirmed 1,026 cases, bringing the cumulative confirmed cases to 53,961.
God may you safe Uganda?
It was co-funded by the European Union, the Austrian and Uganda governments.
45% of the total votes cast.
As the tide starts to subside over what happened during and after the Arua municipality MP elections, the ocean is beginning to reveal those who were swimming naked in the ocean.
Sending the hyena to find out who stole the meat!
Dr Sabiiti Makara has said Nsibambi lobbied for him and others for scholarships to study in the UK.
Instead, it makes the ongoing trial in Uganda more hopeful for better results.
Kcca filed the civil suit seeking to quash the ruling delivered by an arbitrator, Robert Kafuko on September, 13 to award Nalongo estates sh732.
Over 60 people in the Acholi sub-region have committed suicide since the year started, reports show.
Ms Raggi's victory marked a significant breakthrough for her party, the populist Five-Star Movement, which was founded by outspoken comedian Beppe Grillo seven years ago.
I cheekily asked to break the ice.
When pupils read the stories from newspapers, it nurtures them into confident adults.
According to Kataayi, farmers have invested in business ventures like shops, built rental houses and the SACCO now allows borrowing of up to sh50m, payable within two years.
From the Kabaka praising Prince Besweri Mulondo.
a u guys talkin bout ebola.
Petroleum Authority of Uganda answers 👉🏿.
🎥 Watch below 👇🏽 a sneak peek of what you will be reading about in this week's Sunday Vision (September 19, 2021).
I suspect he is cheating on me, but I cannot prove it.
Eleanor Byarugaba Kembabazi is famous in the catering circles but also has a huge following of friends, fans and family.
Mr. Don Wanyama, the New Vision Printing and Publishing Company Limited Chief Executive has assured all shareholders that the company will return to profitability after several intended interventions.
Next up is #Liverpool v #Chelsea at 11:15pm.
The New Vision is with Aine Nyeusi and Ray Don Kalifah.
At the height of the epidemic last month, eight people were confirmed to have died from Marburg, although more people succumbed to infections with signs similar to the disease.
-Is UBTEB ripping off tertiary institutions?
We are yet to see who is who.
Its true ,today I totally annoyed,there z a school in kisasi,we have paid all school fees BT they have two teachers for baby,middle & top class & on top of my son came back that there not given breakfast & at tymz lunch,a kid of 3 years.
Bogere'S passion for farming turns him into a village hero.
35pm, 10,000m final women 8.
Three students have been disqualified from the 2015 Makerere University guild presidential race that is due to kick off at Livingstone Hall on Friday.
For once, it's not breakfast, but rather the recovery meal after a workout.
Hello, you are on one of the world's largest fault lines called the Rift Valley.
Now Zambians are protesting on behalf of Zimbabwe?
Uganda has seen three major outbreaks over the past 12 years.
where all leaders have who over stayed and must go?
The then-Katikkiro of Buganda, Joseph Mulwanyammuli Ssemwogerere, resigned.
Government is nowadays focusing more on science education, which is also engraved in the National Development plan.
- See more at: http://htl.
The New Vision is with Waiswa Emmanuel.
"Keep your "compliments" and "Happy new year" to yourself," implied President Robert Mugabe?
Get a copy at https://vpg.
We have far pressing issues to deal with like improving the welfare of the prisoners,” he said.
What is Vitamin D deficiency?
From actor to MP.
Despite this the authorities say they will continue the search until they are certain no-one is unaccounted for.
This after DP Secretary General Mathias Nsubuga announced Tuesday that their members will not serve in the shadow cabinet because the leader of opposition in Parliament Nandala Mafabi did not consult the party.
Not a goal fest across tonight's two games at the break.
“The patient was intercepted at Entebbe International Airport, on his return from Dubai, where he had travelled on March 17, 2020," @JaneRuth_Aceng said as she announced the first case of #COVID19 in Uganda.
(Photos by Enock Kakande.
Be known for being dependable, professional, and cooperative.
Recently, I saw a cosy picture of him and another woman on Facebook.
What happenened before condoms were invented?
Either he doesn’t want to be seen as being “with” you, or he is scared one of his other lovers (or his wife!
Carry me if I am too weak to move.
Parliament has finally approved a loan for the expansion of the Northern bypass.
Muzeyi Sabiiti, is to lead a select team of security operatives who will hunt down assassins who are killing people while riding on motorcycles.
As usual we shall wait 4 da mathematics.
11 Lawyers arrested over fake land deal.
Commercial banks have offered to review interest rates on old loans for clients which shot up after the Central bank hiked its lending rates to the financial institutions.
Find details of the ruling in tomorrow's Sarturday New Vision and www.
Don'T miss the live broadcast on Urban TV, Bukedde TV 1 & 2 and TV WEST at 9:30PM.
Hundreds of fans throng New Vision office to catch a glimpse of the artist who is set to perform in Kampala.
So, people make wrong decisions/ implement what they are very sure that is wrong and at the end give an excuse that they were intimidated?
Thank yov 4 alerting me.
The International Criminal Court prosecutor has said she is ready to work with Kenya to ensure the Westgate Mall attackers face justice.
Find out why, in your copy of the New Vision, e-paper via bit.
All my friends should try them too, type-in website with no spaces :D ---> www .
Tears rolled as refugees narrated their ordeal during the solidarity summit held at Munyonyo, Kampala.
THE PLAYERS ARE : Muwonge, Kimera, Masaba, Wadada, Walusimbi ,Guma , Ssali , Kasadha [Victoria player ], Ochaya, Wasswa Hassan, Mussa Mudde , Kizito 'baba', umony , Bagole, Massa Geoffrey, Serumaga, Oloya, Chrizestom Ntambi, Joseph Mpade, Robert Omunuk, Wagaluka, Sentongo, Bengo.
Am ccccc'ing a goalez draw btn bac' n atl'mrd wre real madrid'll hv d chance.
International Ninja Day is dedicated to remembering and honouring the ancient warriors of China and Japan.
What made it possible?
HE Joan Rwabyomere, High Commissioner to the UK opens it.
Happy are you when you are healthy & playing.
Ask what’s for lunch”.
This time I want to hear smthing m7.
Close to 700 law graduates from various universities failed to qualify for the Bar course at the Law Development Centre (LDC) after falling short in the pre-entry exams.
Some of you if you can retire you may create jobs for about six people.
The Siamese twins admitted at Mulago Hospital have been put on life support after they developed fever and flu on Monday evening.
Here you go 👉🏽.
A proposed African Football Confederation (CAF) rule change would allow president Issa Hayatou to extend his rule into a third decade, a senior official said in Malabo Monday.
What is your opinion on the sentence?
Over 100 children are bedridden at Mulago due to bodaboda accidents that occur while they are being taken to school.
Elwelu is our sarvant.
Police today deployed at the William Street mosque, at centre of a huge leadership wrangle to avert a clash between two rival factions.
D-Day at the Olympics.
Is there anything wrong with serving the ruling party when you belong to another party?
In 2004 Ervin transitioned from male to female, changing her name from William.
He does not want children and has drawn up an agreement to the effect that will not have children and wants me to sign it.
Those institutions are headed by "Koreans".
Is the family the one that abducted him?
Cabinet also recommended continued collaboration with China on the project as they have pledged to fund the 700MW dam construction.
Kabaka Ronald Muwenda Mutebi II was officially crowned the 36th king of Buganda at Naggalabi in Buddo, Wakiso district.
Eeh let it b day 1 of 365 not 16 days.
The clashes broke out in a barracks close to the city centre shortly before midnight and spread across the city, diplomats and witnesses said, adding that heavy machine guns and mortars were used.
The fight was one of the major highlights of a fundraising drive for the Golola Kick-Boxing Talent Academy.
His intimate relations fought for attention with the revolution.
Will that airport fly around without an aircraft?
Walls of water 13 metres high smashed into Tokyo Electric Power Co's (Tepco) Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant north of Tokyo, knocking out its main power supply, destroying backup generators and crippling the cooling system.
Former Inspector General of Police, Gen.
Government will provide stamps to local council chairpersons as soon as the COVID-19 pandemic eases, local government minister, Raphael Magyezi has said.
Yes I can return them but can't request her to return mine as it's foolish.
Is she trying to tell me something?
Even what we shd call our own.
“Why are some of you so abusive and like mistreating visitors?
<P><Em>Park Geun-hye was serving a 20-year prison sentence for bribery and abuse of power.
South Africa has no immediate plans to pull out its troops, President Jacob Zuma has said after 13 soldiers were killed in clashes with rebels over the weekend.
With a commercially-established petroleum resource asset base of about four billion barrels in reserves, the firms have planned for an early payback period to not only repay the total investments, but also ensure stable cash flows.
Britain expelled 23 Russian diplomats they said were spies, and has been pressing EU allies to follow suit despite Moscow's warning against confrontational steps -- see more at: https://goo.
The Uganda Revenue Authority (URA) has extended the auction date of the company’s 99 Chinese manufactured buses to May 17 after initial pleas for leniency.
Today, he owns Alinyikira Herbal Group, a sh1.
National Unit Platform's (NUP) Dr Christine Ndiwalana has lost her Bukomansimbi Parliamentary seat in Bukomansimbi North Constituency.
Am ever warm and i rarely tek it!
Who does this research?
Very good time for those who work in contact with the public, clients or an audience.
The guy told u..
#NakiwalaKiyingi you are still young, and got a big future ahead of you.
64 Ethiopians found dead in cargo container in Mozambique.
Dennis Namara heads the legitimate NRM national youth league hence has the powers to jalt any mischief.
The Police in Kabale are investigating circumstances under which a house help suffocated an eight-month-old baby girl in Kekubo cell, Southern Division, Kabale Municipality.
Nrm chairman Ronald Ndawula survived being burnt inside his house when unknown people set it on fire early Thursday.
New Vision Staff Cheering Kiprotich.
Thirty-Two people are missing, feared dead, after a boat carrying more than 70 passengers capsized on Lake Kivu in the east of the Democratic Republic of Congo, officials said Friday.
Its common sense, right?
However, there is still uncertainty surrounding the doctor's fate as sources have revealed that Dr. Onzivua is set to appear before court.
Read the Saturday Vision for more- https://vpg.
Because often times, the company you work for could care less if you’re happy with what you do.
Government has warned companies against packing alcohol in plastic bottles of 100ml following a ban on packing alcohol in sachets.
A security officer was caught on camera slapping a suspect on the back after being found disobeying the Presidential directive on COVID-19 lockdown.
#Kenya: CCTV footage from the Westgate Mall attack shows some soldiers taking part in looting.
Nsibambi served selflessly and was candlelight that made others shine.
Indeed false prophets have just arrived.
Nabakooba said Police had not received any formal communication from the organizers of the demonstrations and processions to guide their security and traffic in the routes they intend to use.
In the Saturday Vision this morning.
Is it another April 1st fools day?
The diocesen dean, Rev.
So always take time to reflect on the things in your life not just in your job that you feel most strongly about.
now, wit food evrybody knws wat it means 2feed children mostly lower primary, 1st da parents hve nothing lyk food as a family wic feeds a nation.
The Hague’s Permanent Court of Arbitration ordered Russia to compensate the plaintiffs with $50 billion – less than half the initial $114 billion demanded by the former shareholders.
"Do you seriously believe that all the euro states that last year fought all the way to keep Greece in the eurozone -- and we were the strictest -- can one year later allow Greece to, in a way, plunge into chaos"?
Its really bad to feel jealousy towards your sister.
Edith Nakalema, the head of the anti-corruption unit in the State House has rallied religious leaders to support the fight against corruption.
But the most expensive only suitable for a few Ugandan " rich" here.
Photo: (Bradian, B.C., as it appeared in August, 1954.
The judges are local music producer Washington Ebangit, musician Angie Katatumba and radio presenter James Onen, commonly known as Fatboy.
24 Some men’s sins are clearly evident, preceding them to judgment, but those of some men follow later.
South Sudan's President Salva Kiir has withdrawn some powers from his vice president, officials said on Tuesday, clipping the wings of a likely challenger for the ruling party leadership.
Joan Nakiranda, a GBV survivor, thanked the government and Actionaid Uganda for coming to their rescue.
I ended with a D2 in his subject.
Full video visit www.
When Trump was hard on Chinese products like Hwawei phones, many people didn't believe, now it has come to own opposition figures.
The National Resistance Movement (NRM) National Treasurer, Rose Namayanja Nsereko, has been involved in a road accident at Kigogwa Trading Centre, Kampala-Nakaseke Road.
Isaiah 41:10; Fear not, for I am with you; be not dismayed, for I am your God; I will strengthen you, I will help you, I will uphold you with my righteous right hand.
We thank you lord for the gift ov life.
🇩🇪 #Germany will enter a strict shutdown for five days over Easter as it fights soaring infection rates fuelled by variants in a 'new pandemic', Chancellor Angela Merkel has said.
Starting a few moments from now.
Get a copy in Saturday Vision for details #EPAPER-https://vpg.
May this have an effective planing on investors who are fake sales pan cakes and rides motorcycles .
"He fired in the air and told everyone to lie on the ground," says an eyewitness.
How can a beggar Uganda ask its boss US to explain?
Read details here and comment;.
I love you, Father!
On the morning of August 27th 2018 as she waited in the Gulu High Court, Bobi’s wife Barbie, wrote a touching face book post to her husband.
Sudhir Ruparelia: Kiprotich, you've done us proud.
It is from God tht we cme and the reverse is true.
Here are the times posted by the top 5 finishers in the 21km male race.
-Nantaba saga, operations commander quizzed.
Parliament of Uganda has confirmed that 50 individuals including legislator and staff who had gone to Arusha have tested positive for COVID-19.
A photo of Wolfram Gottschalk, 83, and his wife, Anita, 81, went viral after their granddaughter shared their story.
Add a sprinkle of derby spice to a meal of top-and-bottom table rivalry & you are guaranteed a delicious meal.
Micheal Obafemi's goal is the difference.
A like that photo of Kenya's Victor Wanyama.
Idiot, there are "Baganda Martyrs" not "Uganda martyrs".
James Kanyije, was born in abject poverty in a remote village of Mbarara, Kanyije.
Is he right on this?
Listen now ⤵️👇🏿 https://newvisionapp.
) The problem was ourselves ─ negligence in handling food we want to sell to people".
The disconnection exercise began at midday and most of the suspects took to their heels as they saw the officials confronting them.
Sometimes bad days and bad moods happen.
"Members of the Gambian armed forces have been involved in serious (gunfire) around 3:00 am.
Police in Arua district have arrested a police constable and a crime preventer in connection with Saturday’s fatal shooting of a resident arresting an arson suspect.
babela balamu  but after they start telling us how they r sick .
The Police in Kampala have impounded over 2,000 boda bodas in an early Monday morning crackdown against abuse of traffic regulations.
Is this the end of the road for Miss Uganda's car?
Haha, Solome- Nakawesa Kimbugwe, nkulengera nyabo!
Find out why Bamugemereire has summoned him, only in New Vision.
Picture taken in 1964.
Get an e-paper copy: http://epapers.
People wearing plastic face shields or masks can spray invisible droplets over a very wide area when they sneeze or cough, making the devices ineffective.
President Museveni will be on Capital gang shortly.
Prevention is better than cure, UN should reconcile them and they end this war with immediate effect to avoid other consequences resulting from wars.
The ministry of agriculture is seeking for about sh100bn to cater for salaries and operation costs for the 3,300 extension workers that they intend to recruit next month to implement the newly adopted single spine extension system.
A winning night for the visitors!
Dear Lord, Let the morning bring me word of your unfailing love, for I have put my trust in you.
Free access to this story this story 👉🏽.
If you are very sure of yourself that you have this quality.
said an exasperated would-be nominee Bernie Sanders, Clinton's closest rival in party polls, in response to a moderator's questioning.
Appearing on the NewsRoom, a current affairs program on Urban TV, Tumwebaze said there would be no accreditation at the stadium.
#Congo plane bombs Kisoro, Uganda.
President Yoweri Museveni has held discussions with Canadian investors under their umbrella organization; Canadian Commercial Corporation (CCC) in a meeting at State House Entebbe on Tuesday.
For 22 years now, Francis Kinubi has been doing all within his means to ensure that visually impaired children live meaningful lives.
Who will scoop the ultimate jackpot?
This may serve the parent’s desires, but it does not help the child’s natural progression though life.
A Brazilian football manager is in trouble after allegedly calling a lineswoman "a hot chick" as she ran the line in front of him.
That is our lead story today - plus a whole lot more stories.
The New Vision is with Gangadhar Swami Gangu and 7 others.
Former Red Cross boss Michael Nataka who is battling charges of abuse of office at the Anti-Corruption Court in Kampala, has been freed on bail.
Homes: Guide on renovations.
Well done young lady.
He is the first religious leader to publicly own up his fate.
Was government right to increase taxes on medicines?
Asked if she has discovered the secret of living a long life, Okawa wasn’t telling the assembled media, answering coyly: “Well, I don’t know”.
A total of 1,090 students from the Albertine region, who were selected to benefit from Government bursaries for internationally accredited oil and gas courses; have been cleared by the education ministry to start in January 2021.
Aside from water, tea might be the best beverage for your body.
Al-Sharif Ahmad Jaddallah, a spokesman for the municipal council in Garabulli, said at least 25 people had been wounded and victims' remains were still being gathered.
Click here for #Epaper: https://vpg.
Find more in New Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
In our very first podcast, we bring to you the life of Uganda’s music icon Elly Wamala.
The Deputy Inspector General of Government (IGG), Mariam Wangadya, has blamed the manpower vacuum at the inspectorate on the decision by the appointments board.
I don't want to let myself really like this guy if he's not in it for the long run.
The New Vision is with Joseph Amanyire and 4 others.
Uganda it is now for the fitest .
A rising Kanungu Athletics club showed that they were capable of ruling the middle distance races in the future as their athletes stretched top runners, mostly from Ndejje University, mostly in the women event in the one-day event that was attended by a huge crowd cheering on the competitors.
What'S the difference between NRM,NRM MPS, MUSEVENI AND THE CABINET?
One of the bodies was of Stephen Wangandya, 35, a resident of Bugombo village, his body bore deep cuts on the head with both hands tied with a rope.
This applies to sea sickness, chemotherapy-related nausea, nausea after surgery and morning sickness.
The PlayStation 4 Slim is a great console.
Mr prime minister you see that big cow?
If you're under 40, hold your stretches for 30 seconds.
There will always be at least an opposing Ugandan.
So u mean America only deals with weaponry 😀😁😆😉?
Can some body tell me how Mandela is doing now?
President Museveni sets 2014 targets .
Katumba Wamala has a home, has described the general as a humble and down-to-earth person.
President Yoweri Museveni has held a bilateral meeting with his host President John Pombe Magufuli at the Arusha State lodge in Tanzania at the sidelines of the ongoing 17th Ordinary Summint of the EAC Heads of State.
Who to be blamed for Swamp reclamation in Uganda?
The Electoral Commission boss, Dr. Badru Kiggundu, has chided his critics, branding them as ‘irresponsible and cowardly jokers’.
It gave him a reason to grow up tough, enabling him to defeat his enemies.
Former minister Nyombi Thembo has confessed to cheating on his first wife.
When a democracy and demonicracy meet!
First time in history under the leadership of so called first lady as a minister of E&S.
The Electoral Commission has deregistered 11 inactive political parties in Uganda.
Get a copy inside Saturday Vision-https://vpg.
“You never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have”.
The New Vision is with Amani Mandela.
5 million hoes, most of which have been distributed in the sub regions of Lango and Teso.
Just be simple and precise as an independent body and say campaigns are open with no restrictions.
Kale don't waste tax payers money.
For Your Spiritual And Physical Problems Discover The Magic Of Powerful Spell The Real Solution May Be Easier Than You Think.
Help your child develop empathy.
The 2nd goal defected?
The bus company has been charging passengers sh800 to Luzira, which is much lower than the sh1,500 charged by taxis during peak hours.
He says he mistook her for an intruder, but the prosecution says he deliberately shot her after a row.
Kongo Saidi being airlifted to Arua ahead of their final send off ceremonies.
Pacquiao on May 2nd.
Victory is ours in Jesus' Name.
According to new research, retroviruses the virus family that includes HIV are nearly half a billion years old.
Nga that will be too far!
The Uganda national men’s netball team started the International Male Netball campaign with an impressive 90-10 win over hosts Department of Correctional services (DCS) on Tuesday in Pretoria, South Africa.
The New Vision is with Herbert Tahabwasi.
“Smiling is infectious, you catch it like the flu, When someone smiled at me today, I started smiling too”.
Lightly oil the grill grate.
This pic is not domenic ongwen,my dear.
Votes tallied so far are 5,415,695 which is 34.
The New Vision added 8 new photos.
Please inbox your phonw number so we can get more sides to this situation.
According to a research; at any given time, 0.
In today's New Vision, find out why the Police have arrested Maria Nagirinya's maid.
Nakajjigo was hit by a metallic gate of the Arches National Park in Utah, United States due to a heavy storm.
Powers OF JUDGES CUT, grab your copy of The New Vision for details of this story.
Why bail money is accumulating on judiciary accounts.
Don’t miss the analysis in Sunday Vision.
Nelson Mandela, South Africa’s frail anti-apartheid hero who spent a night in hospital at the weekend for a medical checkup, is doing well but has memory lapses, a close friend said on Monday.
The team of medical parliamentarians led by Kinkizi West MP Chris Baryomunsi has officially withdrawn from the investigations into the sudden death of Butaleja woman legislator Cerinah Nebanda.
So NIRA has started operating in the Nasser Road style, eeeh!
Court in Ntungamo district has granted bail to the state minister for labour Mwesigwa Rukutana who has been on remand at Kitalya Prison.
The show airs on Saturdays from 12:00pm to 1:30 pm.
A total of sh144m was raised at the fundraiser, with more cash and pledges given by several Old Boys of the school.
#Photography: The Eagle Attack.
Its University Football League NOT STANBIC UGANDA CUP.
Regardless of what the ruling will be, Ugandans get prepared to pay back!
He recently broke up with me after a year of manipulation and heart ache and within three weeks he was seeing another girl.
Desire Nakalanzi's body, whose private parts were raptured, was discovered hidden behind Bugembe's Light The World church in Kibulooka, a Nansana suburb notorious for crime, on Wednesday.
When you rise in the morning, give thanks for the light, for your life, for your strength.
Samples from 11 people earlier sent to the research institute in Entebbe also tested negative for the highly infectious disease, leaving Abraham Baluku the only confirmed case since the epidemic was reported in Uganda on Sunday.
But according to a study from Appalachian State University, opting for a 45-minute a.m. sweat sesh could cause a metabolic spike, helping your body continue to burn an additional 190 calories throughout the day.
Success coms 4rm cans not cants.
With a few packets of emergency contraception pills available for distribution the students of Makerere University had to struggle to pick some from the service provider for themselves and for their peers.
Nakibus Lakara has taken office as the new African Union Mission in Somalia (AMISOM) deputy force commander in charge of operations and plans.
Get in touch with NSSF Uganda via WhatsApp on 0784259713.
Air Marshal Alex Badeh is being accused by the elite anti-corruption agency, the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), of diverting some 4bn naira ($20m, £14m) meant to buy weapons to fight militant Islamist group Boko Haram.
Do not miss your copy.
Mayanja spacefy who is foolish & who?
We take this opportunity to say thank you for the mercies that you have renewed this morning.
Dickens's tale of childhood innocence beset by evil depicts the dark criminal underworld of a London peopled by vivid and memorable characters — the arch-villain Fagin, the artful Dodger, the menacing Bill Sikes and the prostitute Nancy.
I urge the Hierarcy in Uganda to spare no effort in working for the canonization of Jildo Irwa and Daudi Okello as well as beatification of Amadeo Byabali and Aloysius Ngobya during Pope Francis visit to Uganda, hopefully "later this year".
According to the Kampala metropolitan police spokesperson, Patrick Onyango, the police tracking unit is still investigating his whereabouts.
Unless the authorities fight that.
A palm tree leaf hangs in balance on electricity service cables across the Lugogo Bypass in Kampala.
For god n my country.
This one reminds me of mine.
Nato Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said Thursday there had been a "troubling escalation" in Russian military activity in Syria, after Moscow dramatically expanded its air campaign.
Museveni gives cars to Busoga leaders.
If you acquire skills, there is no way you can fail to get a job.
In MWALIMU: PUPILS MAKE RE USABLE PADS.
In Swahili "Shida" means problem, and that is negative energy through the name!
If u still insist on tribalism.
Imagine soaring above traffic in a quadcopter during your daily commute.
URA eastern regional manager Geoffrey Balamaga said whereas the tax body has employed staff to work on 24-hour basis under the one border stop centre system, the clearing agents are reluctant to work at night, leading to trucks piling up.
I love my country Uganda 🇺🇬 but apparently it's the only country (in those that I've visited) where someone does something against the law and they go free.
The New Vision added 5 new photos — with Anthony Rumanyika.
You can't expect kids to do everything simply because you, as a parent, "say so".
Fulltime: Angola 1 Uganda Cranes 1.
Note: Foreign Exchange rates may differ due to changing market conditions and the amount of transaction.
For example leafy greens, avocados, seeds, such as chia, whole grains millet, and brown rice.
Speaking to the press at Fairway Hotel on Monday in Kampala, Stephen Kabuye the NRM District vice chairman said that if Bukenya is relieved of his duties, he is the right person to replace him not Hajji Abdu Kiyimba.
The media should come out and tell Ugandans the real reason as to why WB,and those countries are suspending aid to Uganda.
What is your predictions?
Bt this one eyed Batman also🤔🤔🤔.
Brazil manager Luiz Felipe Scolari on Wednesday unveiled the 23 men he trusts can deliver a sixth World Cup ahead of this year's event starting June 12 on home soil.
Wabula M7 otya mbabazi!
France, Paris : High school students fight against anti riot police officers during a demonstration in Paris, on October 18, 2013, in protest against the deportation of foreign pupils following the high-profile eviction of a 15-year-old Roma girl.
he came back in 2014 and he has found me the same way.
The High Court in Mukono has sentenced Arua Municipality MP Akbar Hussein Godi to 25years in jail for the murder of his 19 year old wife.
Album Was this the origin of Jean Claude's epic split?
So make it count!
What an opening half!
Today, he has managed to grow it to a sh8b business.
Eight Congolese soldiers have been killed in two attacks this week in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo.
Thats right y not to col dm.
Mowzey Radio does everything with passion and commitment.
As #media, we should appreciate that things may not be perfect the first time we try them, says Vision Group Editor-in-Chief Barbara Kaija.
The Parliament Health Committee has visited Butabika National Referral Mental Hospital to assess the situation at the facility.
As it stands, Dortmund are nine points adrift of leaders Bayern, who are sitting pretty at the top of the table.
Two ministers in the office of the President, Richard Todwong, the minister without portfolio and that of state in the office of the Vice president, Vincent Nyanzi have admitted being idle due to lack of a budget to carry out their designated duties.
They include Wandegeya Children's Park which was taken over by war veterans; Sheraton Gardens; Constitutional Square and Kamwokya Children's Park.
The New Vision is with Kirabo Herbert.
Edith Nakalema, Head of the State House Anti-Corruption Unit bit.
Could also be called the "White House" as you can see.
Former lead land specialist for Africa at the World Bank Frank Byamugisha presented a paper on Land reform and investments in agriculture for socio-economic transformation of Uganda which led to a debate about urban development.
The Qatari team for the controversial winning bid to host the 2022 World Cup offered large sums of money to senior African football figures for their respective federations, claims former communications director Phaedra Almajid.
Bidandi is expected stay in the Bangkok for another three to four weeks as doctors analyze his condition.
Tanzania’S former vice-president, Samia Suluhu Hassan, was on Friday sworn in as the president replacing Magufuli.
The "assailants (are) likely to be Al-Shebab," Chirchir said, referring to Somalia's Al-Qaeda-linked insurgents.
Grab your copy of the New Vision and Keep up to date with trending stories hot off the press-https://vpg.
Get yourself a copy in the New Vision, Wednesday 16th June 2021.
Ent n over stay in power.
#TakeTheStage #TPF6 Rate her performance tonight.
Lynette Xen wants your opinion on the stories that are trending in Kampala.
The encyclical, named "Laudato Si (Be Praised), On the Care of Our Common Home", aims to inspire everyone - not just Roman Catholics - to protect the Earth.
Maybe he wasn't a patient after all.
Police just doing accountability to the world, keeping the faith of tourists.
The Boys are in Ethiopia and are playing the hosts in the Semi-Final tie.
Below are the fixtures.
Pliz pple of Burundi take care!
Lord have mercy on Uganda.
The @ICPAU1 Annual Seminar is back!
Race won by Gelana Tiki of Ethiopia.
“To the mafias and haters, I concede.
Here are some tips to help you stay healthy.
For some of the contestants, it ends this Sunday immediately after the finale, to be held at Wonder World in Kansanga.
Officials headed by Stephen Masaba told MPs that as land owners, they should be given a slice of the revenues to be able to sustain and manage the wildlife resources in the protected areas.
Catch LIVE coverage of the presidential nominations HERE:.
We need to cultivate deeper investigations in all the investors staying with maids in Uganda.
Who has warned that the Omicron coronavirus variant could lead to overwhelmed healthcare systems even though early studies suggest it sparks milder disease.
Apart from Dibrani, the eviction of another student has emerged.
The New Vision added 7 new photos — in Wakiso District.
This plan has failed befor it even begun!
The New Vision is with Joseph Stunning Rex and 2 others.
Sarah Uwimana, 22, died on Sunday at a local clinic in Kigongi ward, Kabale Municipality, where she had been rushed as she bled profusely after allegedly attempting to abort.
4% a month earlier, official data showed on Friday.
Group J standings: Senegal 4 pts, Uganda 2 pts, Angola 2pts, Liberia 1 pt.
I promise that in 2040 i make a revolution for you, am sure for that IDIOTS.
Share and spread the word!
Endagaano z'obusaka ebyo byezikola.
In HARVEST MONEY: Beat the odds with irrigation - Malinga living his dream as an export farmer.
Tumwine has kept his word on safe houses.
Nepal are champions after a five-wicket victory.
The main man himself - Cristiano Ronaldo.
Of the teams playing tonight, three are unbeaten in this season's #ChampionsLeague: Bayern (W5 D1), Chelsea (W4 D2) and Lazio (W2 D4).
Get a free copy in the New Vision-vpg.
WE NEED JUSTICE NOW!
Kovac told a press conference in Praia do Forte.
Under the current KCCA pay structure, the Lord Mayor earns sh16.
Lifehack: Looking for studying material and school essays, use scholar.
The media seminar was successfully held at Imperial Royale Hotel.
Is Jackie Chan and Don yen there?
How is that going to happen?
Residents crossing a temporary bridge in Luweero district.
President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni, in a message read by the State Minister For finance Matia Kasaija, appealed to the church to fight HIV and morals of the youth.
So this man passed away in 2004?
#Somalia President Hassan Shaikh Mahmud, Reading Facebook Comments.
The city has indeed changed.
African cup of Nations is here!
I am afraid she will soon discover my feelings because I can longer hide them.
In the constitutional petition filed at the court in Kampala on March 28, Kivumbi avers that the Inspector General of Police has continued to exercise powers under Section 32 of the Uganda Police Act, which the Constitutional Court declared unconstitutional in 2005.
The minister said the effects are already being felt in the tourism, transport and industry sectors.
■ Bundibugyo Police boss among six ■ Govt probes response to attack.
Yesterday, Best Farmers in Uganda were awarded.
The New Vision is with Rabans Juuko and AL-Awazy Ousamah Prince.
Am very sory to say but the truth is you (muslims) are the source of most of the troubles around the globe!
Just visit it after one month.
That some politicians want to benefit from the confusion while some opinion leaders are saying the Christians are opposed to Bishop Odoki because he is not from West Nile.
The Government has embarked on the construction of a 132KV power-line to support the industrialisation of Karamoja sub-region including the fast-tracking of the construction of the cement factory to create jobs.
Don'T make more congestion in police cells.
Where is natural Justice?
Congo legislators have endorsed the joint military offensive carried out by the Uganda Peoples' Defense Forces and the DRC army with an intention to restore peace in the region.
How do you close schools this long!
He will don the armband under Allardyce for the first time on Sunday when England launch their attempt to reach the next World Cup in Russia with a game against Slovakia in Trnava.
Loving them cannot spoil them.
Attendance has been on the rise at the International Boxing Hall of Fame since the long-awaited showdown was announced months ago.
RIGHT in this file photo.
Lwanga later commended the security personnel and volunteers for their tireless efforts to save the lives of the victims and to retrieve the bodies.
Celebrate it by making the date nut bread and sharing it with your friends, family members and co-workers.
They included men, women and children underwent necessary security screening as well as the mandatory COVID-19 testing before entry.
Better strategies and improved capabilities are worthwhile when enterprises sell more of their goods and services at a competitive price and in a sustainable manner.
But we don't really know what he wants to use it for.
Pamphlates are the reason behind schools producing students with excellent grades,yes,but when theyr'e half baked.
The public hearing is about the environmental and social impact assessment report for the proposed oil development projects on the shores of Lake Albert.
Steven Kiprotich and his wife Patricia Cherop pose with the gold medal that the former won at the London 2012 Olympics.
I know those mentioned in the report.
Photo by Janat Bujingo.
Mr Snowden was revealed as the source of the leaks at his own request by the UK's Guardian newspaper.
Why is it that my husband always seems to enjoy showing me up in front of people?
Dey a young thieves.
Today, 53-year-old Sebastian Munulo owns Mwaana Highway Hotels in Iganga & Kampala, schools and other businesses.
The New Vision is with Enginear Asiimwe Andrew and 3 others.
Somalia'S prime minister has publicly backed a campaign to ban female genital mutilation (FGM) in his country.
The New Vision is with Gracie Bakeine Pricie.
Instead of thinking about how many dress sizes smaller you want to be in four months, focus on small everyday victories, suggests Michael Snader, BodyAware specialist and nutritionist at The BodyHoliday, a health and wellness resort in St. Lucia.
Widows need support more than anyone else.
Surely why can't Ugandans steal now?
Egyptian VP Suleiman says Hosni Mubarak has resigned as President of Egypt.
People who are obese may appear healthy for a while but their condition declines over time, a study shows.
Says one day you will stand before God and give an account of how you treated your fellow Ugandans.
The challenges, she noted, have resulted in high crime rates, immoral behaviour, lawlessness, conflict, diseases, poverty, violence against children and high level.
Relationship tip: Acknowledge positive actions.
Am priveleged to be here!
The Justice Forum party (JEEMA) electoral commission (EC) has declared Farouk Hussein Kyanjo the party flag bearer for Makindye West constituency.
Kaweesi and Kayiwura were the people behind lugogo bomb!
The shocking revelations from relatives, neighbours and the Police are in the New Vision.
The ministry also said LRA leader Joseph Kony who has been oscillating between the dense Garamba forest in the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and Central Africa Republic (CAR), is hiding in Bahr el Gazel, an area within Sudan territory.
The New Vision is with Patrick Bwango and Mafabi Twaha Nangoli.
#London2012 Kiprotich smiling as he heads to final 2km!
Holy Spirit as we go about today, bless everything that we touch.
Entry fee is UGX 10,000.
The Ugandan High Commissioner to South Africa, Julius Peter Moto confirmed Prof.
Get the full story in today’s New Vision.
The permanent secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs invited the ambassador to a meeting to explain what is going on at the border.
Nup'S Robert Kyagulanyi has urged calm among his supporters, as he heads to Kyankwanzi, Kiboga and Kassanda today.
Yesterday the maid who appeared recently in the now dubbed "torture Video apologized to the parents of the child and to the general public, saying she did not know what came over her to commit such an inhumane act.
If they are still alive, as them about your heritage.
Mentors under my foot they are traitors Hippocrates who dont wish good .
The New Vision is with Kintu Ronnie and Kato Zziwa.
New Vision on Monday brings to you hundreds of lucrative job opportunities.
Lorenzo Insigne scores the third goal for Roberto Mancini's side.
Read about how Alfred Niwagaba made it from primary school teacher to running two schools in today's Pakasa Vision pullout - only in the New Vision.
Most of us already know the importance of communication.
Uganda Cranes coach Sebastien Desabre has named his 23 man squad that will compete in the 2019 AFCON finals.
These are big trading centres ,pple have invested alot of money there.
Us President Barack Obama will announce Thursday that thousands of US troops will remain in Afghanistan through 2017, the tough reality of that war-wracked nation scuppering a defining election campaign promise.
Musagala, who featured in both the 800 and 1500m at the Glasgow Commonwealth Games last year, failed to win a medal in both races.
The shilling opened and closed trading at 3665/3675 levels, the same as the previous day’s close.
The Prime Minister of Uganda Dr. Ruhakana Rugunda has assured Ugandans on peace and security.
President Kaguta Museveni has asked Japanese investors to invest in infrastructure projects such as roads, railways and electricity, arguing that by injecting money into the above sectors, it will bring down the cost of doing business in Africa.
An unspecified number of travelers have been killed in a Sunday evening crash involving a commuter taxi and a bus in Busembatia along the Mbale-Tirinyi highway in eastern Uganda.
Why always african leaders not bush?
Read more about Fyonna here;http://bit.
Constructed in less than 4 years, and now renovation is taking 10 years and counting.
Are they going to be furnished at that price?
Will Donald Trump’s survive the vote recount?
The prosecution presented eight witnesses, who testified against Kaddu.
[who side with ] wrong doers instead of helping the State”.
MTN's General Manager Corporate Affairs Enid Edroma explains the campaign.
Only killed in PSV accidents.
Grab yourself the New Vision for details #EPAPER-https://epaper.
He may annoy us again!
An explosion at a shopping mall in Nigerian Capital #Abuja killed at least 21 people.
Should Makerere lecturers go without pay for a period the university is closed?
The British-born writer, sister of actress Joan Collins, died in Los Angeles.
You have to feel for the man marking Robert Lewandowski tonight.
You can also get a complete digital copy online;http://epaper.
You shut down the economy when coronavirus cases was less than 100 , now opening the economy when cases is at 1500 a day, this is what puzzle Ugandans.
Robert Mugabe is turning 90 and a weekend of celebrations is planned in Zimbabwe to celebrate the president's long life.
How prepared is NEMA for the oil waste?
The central park is situated under a 2,152,782 sq ft roof making it the largest indoor amusement park in the world.
'His Congolese leader', lol!
In todays New vision.
M7 you have realy turned into a father of the Nation!
Follow the steps in the video.
Watch who writes on your site, please, there things we know, but to those we don't know are sacred,.
Those thugs were mining and stealing the minerals in the country and the business got bad among themselves hence betrayal !
Go sing 4 a dictator.
During his tenure at the high table, he bragged that the agriculture ministry had registered a 3% growth from 0.
Am tired of these ngerians every where.
“To safeguard against the complications, we wear condoms because they are waterproof.
True statesmen deliver what they promise.
I have put the game on the Ugandan map.
i need permission to comment on your comment.
The citizens of this country should perhaps change their mindsets to effectively deal with fear and circumspection.
There’S no age limit for people wanting to study ACCA.
From 7m pupils joining Primary One to Oulanyah and Amongi disagreeing on NSSF Bill and Francis Onebe's troubles.
Looks like you have found it, is this the missing gun.
#Mtnmarathon: Run, slay & give back.
Uganda is scared of Rwanda, we can only attack our real opposition cos they are harmless!
The Jogoo complete a comeback to bag the three points.
How then can these ministers be helped to execute their roles?
Couples have broken up as a result of these gadgets.
You can get your SATURDAY VISION now.
A blessed Sunday to you all.
President Yoweri Museveni has arrived in Arusha, Tanzania for a three day working visit during which he will attend the 17thordinary summit of the Heads of State scheduled for March 2, 2016.
I am not saying the church has not been saving, but the lockdown has reinforced our appreciation that saving is a very important aspect of stewardship," the Church of Uganda provincial secretary, the Rev.
Kabaka Ronald Mutebi is expected to give special recognition to local musician Mathias Walukagga and anti-HIV/AIDS activist Noerine Kaleeba, for their distinguished work, as he celebrates his birthday today.
#Iranian judge orders Face book founder; Mark Zuckerberg to appear in an Iranian court on a case relating to #Whatsapp and #Instagram applications usage in Iran.
Joyce Amaguru, NRM vice chairperson Arua city said the bicycles are part of the pledge by the party chairperson, President Yoweri Museveni to motivate them to campaign for the party.
The accused were set to return to court tomorrow ( December 16), before the charges against them were dropped.
shd center how to fight.
Sizzling yummy goodness is on its way!
Be strong and courageous.
because I have to go to school, go to parliament, look after my family and go to my constituency.
Referee Thierry Nkurunziza from Burundi blows the whistle.
It’s one of those ambiguous words that are employed to suit a good number of uses.
She scooped an International Women Achievers' Award (IWAA) under the category 'Humanitarian Ambassador' for promoting healthcare for underprivileged women and children in Uganda.
During the last 5 minutes of the rice, melt the butter in a small skillet over medium-high heat until it browns and the foam starts to clear.
However, he has refused to go for an HIV test with me, yet he keeps demanding sex and he does not want to use condoms.
The above performance should not be strange because the two districts posted the highest number of teacher absenteeism in the country.
What happened 2 the #Sankaraz, #Nyereres, #Lumumbas #Mandelas?
Vendors in Lukaya town council have shunned the new market, saying it is far from the trading centre and also lacks ample parking space.
It has everything one needs about farming, including policy issues.
3 million people who said they were coming after the invitation which went viral online.
Remember some of our relatives go in prison good pipo and come out as mess.
Are you a boda boda rider?
#Lukwagoupdate: Lukwago lawyer Abdul Katuntu submitted earlier to Judge Lydia Mugambe that Govt simply disobeyed court orders.
We all go through such pains, it's the way they appear to us that differs.
Reports of Odhiambo’s death streamed in early this year and an expedition to recover the body was dispatched, pending confirmation from DNA reports.
What was their mission ?
The billionaire reportedly spent $30million buying the 4 homes next to his Palo Alto, California home.
Some members of the public welcomed the new faces to Cabinet while others expressed disappointment at the reshuffle.
(Photo: Minister inspecting anti-jigger drugs).
With me, I won't donate anything.
"Select a percentage of broilers that are not growing but feeding, then kill them," Johan has advised farmers that if these go on consuming more feeds without growing, the farmer is at a loss because these particular broilers will not make profits.
These guys are supposed to be defending our national borders.
Makerere University Business School (MUBS) have retained the University Football League title after a resounding 4-0 victory over Uganda Martyrs University Nkozi (UMU) on Saturday.
We have been here before.
#Breaking: #Kiprotich Press Conference ongoing at Entebbe International airport.
The European Union in partnership with the Private Sector Foundation Uganda are organizing the first ever Uganda-Europe Business Forum to be held on March 9th and 10th, 2020 at Speke Resort Munyonyo.
The New Vision is with Silas Mkenya Mc'Opee and Kilonzo Michael.
If they were killed on orders of the kabaka.
Get their profiles, only in the New Vision.
Today'S Front Page: TERRORISM: Top Muslim cleric charged.
The DNA results for the victims of Crest foam fire is out.
- Mbonye is a manipulator, says Pr.
"Du know how simple is it to miss out several sticks/ add up several sticks"?
“We shall push on to ensure that the whole country where there is analogue footprint currently is switched off by 31st August 2015 as scheduled".
Ugandans love dancehall music, so whoever hatched the idea of bringing in Jamaican veteran Mr. Vegas for this year’s Club Silk Street Jam did their homework well.
When U go to court but come out dejected, then whoever presides over shock absorbes the grief.
Turkish military is also targeting Kurds inside the country and shelling Kurdish militias in northern Syria.
Tenywa Hussein and Wasswa Hassan showcasing bike stunts.
Find the detailed story in the New Vision.
Uganda AIRFORCE VETERAN MAJ.
Being a Doctor is a service but not an employement.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp revelled in his side's growing maturity on the European stage after dumping Bayern Munich out of the Champions League on Wednesday.
I visited her twice before she was discharged.
If in the last 27 you have been totally faithful, go a head and Divorce but if NOT, just know it is her turn.
New Vision, online editor, work on your grammar, otherwise you bring shame to our Nation.
So to me its a yes .
Looking for answers to some of your difficult parenting questions?
_Museveni petitioned over Gen.
Proscovia Alengot Oromait while on a BBC interview today.
In the suit filed on October 4 at the High Court in Kampala, UBC accuses UCC of terminating a memorandum of understanding (MoU) signed this year on May 29.
But why, why is this happening in this modern Uganda?
Time to grab your copy of the Sunday Vision.
A lot has been taught to the girl child.
There were also signs that the comic actor -- who had recently been diagnosed with Parkinson's Disease -- had tried to cut his left wrist, according to an autopsy report.
He loves his children so much that he does not wish to leave them at home with the maids.
Parliament last year passed the Roads Bill, 2018, which provides for the collection of road tolls.
Ndawula’S house, including property worth millions of shillings, was reduced to ashes in what the Police believe could have been a planned attack by disgruntled political elements.
It’s best to prepare for your “upcoming day by prepping all your food in advance as this will ensure you do “not eat bad foods or skip meals”.
The works involve excavation and laying of water pipes across the usually busy road.
Mbarara City fans working on Kakyeka.
"I am now committed, you were the ones who decided that I should commit," the 82-year-old leader said in a video conference to women supporters campaigning for him to run again.
Details in the NewVision.
Amongst Tigray's five percent Muslim-minority, Tigrinya speakers writing in Arabic have sought to remind people about the role the region played as one of the first Islamic settlements and as a refuge for early Muslims fleeing Mecca.
For DETAILS AND MORE PHOTOS: bit.
The Argentinian pontiff seems to have had no problem attracting the ladies in his youth.
Man, A U Sure dea iz no mistreatment ov ugandanz?
It is Day 18 of December and, as it clearly is, the year 2018 is getting done.
Debts are suppossed to be paid first by ukrain and then the russians will also agree whether they pay or not.
The MPs were told that in this same stream, the boda boda riders wash their motorcycles.
I met my current boyfriend when I was unknowingly two months pregnant with my former lover’s baby.
Luzira Maximum Prison is the most guarded prison in Uganda.
The decision has left the already understaffed faculties in panic and confusion.
Kampala Capital City Authority has begun marking bus and cycle lanes on city roads.
“Life expectancy would grow by leaps and bounds if green vegetables smelled as good as bacon.
He who God made to be ruled will alwayz be ruled.
The New Vision is with Golden Heart.
China is on top.
An aspirant in the National Resistance Movement party primaries in Iganga district, Stephen Waako, died on Friday morning following a grisly accident that happened on Thursday.
Dressed in a military uniform, Katabazi looked confident while standing in the dock.
Kadaga, and let impartiality prevail in parliament.
Assassination ATTEMPT: Minister Nantaba speaks out.
coz am wondering who the hell issued them land titles in the first place.
Today'S closing forex rates as provided by Bank of Uganda.
Ben Carson, the retired neurosurgeon who at one point polled ahead of other GOP presidential contenders, is quitting the race.
The pilgrimage is set to start on January 29 next year from Namirembe Diocese.
May his soul rest internal peace.
But proposals -- including one by eminent British architect Norman Foster -- plan exactly that, to set up "cargo drone routes capable of delivering urgent and precious supplies to remote areas on a massive scale", with the East Africa nation of Rwanda chosen as a test case.
#Endviolence: Although sexual violence is often associated with strangers, children are at greatest risk of exposure to sexual violence from family & friends.
“I have returned from prison with a heart of forgiveness to all who might have wronged me,” he said.
U might go home with a magazine or book wen reading is police to her or him!
Using a raised eyebrow or smile, people with speech or physical disabilities can now operate their Android-powered smartphones hands-free, Google said Thursday.
Wondering how to pull off your dream wedding?
someday he will realize, if he got HIV.
Take what you want simple.
Nrm NOMINATIONS UPDATE: Former Premier, Amama Mbabazi has not picked #NRM nomination forms.
Indeed together we can though other crowdy places like salons, restaurants, hotels are still operating, as if this virus fears those places.
He'S a great chap.
Vision Group Pilgrimage walk ahead of the Martyrs Day.
The New Vision is with Nakalyowa Safinah.
The team was led by the Danish envoy, Alphons Hennekens.
The New Vision is with Jon B Hughes.
Ky Sports News HQ has been told Benfica are due to receive 25 per cent of any transfer fee Valencia receive for the player who only arrived at the Mestalla Stadium 12 months ago.
Allah bless the Prince and the fifa electoral college.
I don’t want any more rejection.
If you’re confused about what your partner means, ask for clarity instead of making assumptions about what they mean.
Maybe he was busy tweeting, the guy is also addicted to internet.
I won't receive poison.
“The modern way for prosperity is the exchange of goods and services for sale, the more buyers the better.
Police in Mbarara are holding Hussein Ssekyanzi who accusing him of raping a student of Bishop Stuart University.
Today'S front page of THE NEW VISION.
May he healed by your stripes.
The New Vision is with Yswa Graycie Williamz Junior and Wannyama S Godfrey.
In Berlin, Germany, three life-size bronze statues have been resurrected to commemorate three figures considered politically left heroes for their work in leaking US intelligence documents.
The New Vision is with Isaac Kibuka and Ken Tumwine.
A delegent officer I worked with in Mogadishu.
Cut the trip short by using the Kayunga-Kamuli route and get on the ferry at Mbulamuti.
French prosecutors said 150 Russians were behind the most serious clashes before Saturday's 1-1 draw between the two countries in Marseille.
On Friday, several blasts and gunfire rang out in the Schaerbeek district of the Belgian capital, where police had earlier discovered bomb-making material during a major raid.
I will not allow selfish people to take over.
#Covid19Ug: Yoweri Kaguta Museveni addressing the nation on the status of the country's preparedness to deal with coronavirus.
"In their flight, they didn't manage to recover the five other bodies," added Kajibwami, the military spokesman in South Kivu, much of which lies across Lake Tanganyika from Burundi.
An explosive feud between Donald Trump and Fox News Channel is overshadowing the final sprint to Iowa's presidential caucuses, injecting a new sense of chaos into the 2016 Republican contest.
Arsenal have confirmed Brazil defender David Luiz will leave the club when his contract expires, while Martin Odegaard, Dani Ceballos and Mat Ryan are also set to depart the Emirates Stadium.
This is the third week package 👇🏿 , get a copy or subscribe the e-paper now 🗞️ —.
China lifted tough restrictions on the province at the epicentre of the coronavirus outbreak on Wednesday after a months-long lockdown as the country reported no new domestic cases.
Five Ugandan athletes to march in 192nd position of 205 countries.
Hannah Morgan , Founder of Career Sherpa.
That dude opio oloya who once upon a time failed to interprete who an attorney general is has many pending issues.
U.S. wireless carriers Sprint Corp (S.
While you wait for #BRA v #COL, have a look at these photos from Salvador.
Is it necessary to have an educated Househelp and to What level of Education should your house help be?
Vision Group, just like all other companies, has had to wrestle with serious challenges caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, throughout 2021.
Was centenary bank staff poisoned.
Not other Ugandan men and women who fight each other, block each other, curse each other when love flies away.
New Vision could please let me know if the half of the population of Kampala is occupiedwith up country people only?
So are these the rebels or EU officials?
Jesus Christ is the most influential figure, with a global population of over 7 billion, even when only 2 billion of those are Christians.
A new study on the performance of the 9th Parliament has said the high levels of absenteeism by MPs and the practice of making parliamentary decisions in party caucuses have led to the lagging behind of parliament on its targets.
Ucc chief Godfrey Mutabazi has explained that the three governments have instituted the termination rates in all countries to be $10 cents (about sh260) and telecoms are free to play around this figure.
In a reminder issued by the Inspectorate of Government (IG) on Friday, the Government leaders have until midnight of March 31, 2021, to declare their possessions.
An Eagle taking a stroll.
Thieves are everywhere nowander MUK is messed up someone has been benefiting from this.
He also sold mandazi, kabalagala, and chapatti.
An elderly Canadian couple who have been married for 62 years have been forced to live in separate care homes.
I would slap her if I was Tina.
The Uganda School of the Deaf (USD) Ntinda will not only boast a sound football pitch and multi-sports court once an upcoming $50, 000 construction project is complete but, more importantly, it will have scores of excited children.
More charges are hanging over his head.
Barack Obama unveils the last budget of his presidency Tuesday, a multitrillion-dollar plan that is dead-on-arrival in Congress but could shape the 2016 White House race.
If you think you can rise to the challenge at Uganda's leading media house - (Website, TV, Radio, Newspaper, Social Media) email the Head of Digital now.
A senior city lawyer, who started as a street preacher at the age of 13, has been awarded an honorary doctorate of philosophy (PhD) for his outstanding contribution to humanity.
Severe Malaria is a type of malaria with complications that can lead to death.
A new report requested by France's Ministry of Veteran Affairs recommends that French WWI soldiers who were executed by their own side for desertion be officially considered under a new light.
Sall faces competition from four opposition rivals -- lesser-known perhaps, but campaigning hard against the president's plans for a second phase in a controversial.
We continue with the profiles of each of the five panellists.
Ministries illegally retain sh1 trillion meant for districts.
I want east Africa to unite,have same currency.
Godfrey Okello, 21, was forced into rebellion after he was abducted in Teso at the age of 11 when he was in P3.
O) iPhone 7, sending shares of the world's most valuable listed company up 3 percent.
Clintons gets first grand child.
South African female rider Brittany Cuthbert arrives for the second round of Mountain Dew National Motocross Championship on Easter Sunday at Busiika.
When your boss gives you a deadline that you know cannot be met during reasonable work hours, instead of staying up all night or missing a weekend getaway you’ve had planned for two months, request to have a colleague team up with you on the project.
It'S business as usual for Boda-Boda riders who have failed to adhere to the President's directive of suspending public transport for 14 days.
When you look at the recent drivers of econmic growth in Uganda (new industry, telecoms, etc), one is at pains to see the general constribution of MUL except from very few people in a few scioentific fields.
And which of you by being anxious can add a single hour to his span of life?
Negligence tax be installed!
The New Vision added 18 new photos — in Kakira, Kayunga, Uganda.
Simply download the Vision Group #Epaper app via Google Play Store here 👉 https://t.
Just about a week ago Uganda was ranked No.
Kale Kayihura and what new measures he is proposing to deal with rising crime #EPAPER-https://epaper.
The New Vision is with Moses Nathan Muhangi and Camilian Alpha.
All set for Games opening ceremony.
I am always at the receiving end of his jokes or if he's mad then he will shout at me so people can hear.
Check out and like Pakasa Vision fore more.
Before I entered Redeemed Church in Nakaseke of Pr Mudde, they First Measured My temperature Using a Temperature Gun and it Was Normal, I Put On My Face Mask and then the Usher Led Me to Well Prepared Seat Near the Front.
Now legislatures want electorates to transport themselves to Parliament to drop their views in the suggestion box.
'All cross-boundary district and intra-district movement of public transport, and by private vehicles, or bodabodas is hereby suspended for 42 days starting today.
Oba where r we going for Gods sake.
dont b surprised when investigations suck in the first family as has been a tradition .
Kampala Central NRM chairman, Salim Uhuru told Sunday Vision that they made the appeal during one of the meetings they held on Thursday at the party’s offices in Kyadondo.
The Uganda Dental Association (UDA) has requested the government to set aside funds to equip dental facilities in public health institutions to ensure better service delivery.
Mps back closure of over 1300 schools.
Treatment available and work very well.
By encouraging our children to consistently think and go about things differently, we can help them to become disruptively innovative.
Naye sitenda alowooza tetumanyi buvunanyizibwa bwa MP?
“Fellow countrymen we appeal to all of you to keep sanity in this coming electioneering period.
48%) and Yoweri Museveni has polled 3,156,070 (61.
What are your predictions for tonight's game?
Museveni said other areas of focus should be cattle compensation; the land fund; institutional housing for teachers, health workers and soldiers; safe water and water for irrigation.
The New Vision added 31 new photos.
The pilot, who was reportedly asleep when he got a call from Ankara Air Traffic Control, was flying at an altitude of 34,000 feet when the plane suddenly dropped.
Facebook Cake Angel Ltd: .
Russia said Thursday its warplanes had eased back on air strikes in Syria as regime forces press a widening ground offensive, while President Vladimir Putin criticised Washington for not cooperating over the conflict.
It was a womanish act.
Do not miss the children's papal walk to Namugongo from Vienna College at 9:00am with Aunt Jovita (Toto Children's Vision Editor).
Now the Goverment is fighting Bobis new car that it registered itself.
No fewer than 611 teachers were killed and 19,000 forced to flee the North-Eastern part of Nigeria between 2009 and 2015 due to the Boko Haram insurgency, a UN official said.
I am 40 years old.
Y can't the government help me?
Do you know that without trees, our lives are at stake?
Government loses sh36b annually in response to domestic violence, research has revealed.
Why is the world srambling for India and China.
Mr Gibson has sent images of the finds to investigators.
The Commonwealth Alliance of Young Entrepreneurs-East Africa will also encourage them to develop their enterprise skills and tackle unemployment, the Commonwealth Secretariat has said.
Did they stop to think for a minute about the millions of women that leave their babies very early in the morning and return late.
The deadline is effectively December 31, the end of the UK's current transition period during which it trades like an EU member with no tariffs or other barriers.
"A total of 5,552 cases of GBV have been reported between March to April 2020.
Go, live life and make a difference.
Those guys are so stupid.
3 percent in August, official data showed on Monday.
Fyi: We don't have dimes in Uganda.
We need to check the way investigators are paid’ – Theodore Ssekikubo, Lwemiyaga County MP .
Dear God, thank you for the blessing of my family.
In DRC many innocent citizens killed by groups of terrorist like ADF and Etc have you ever DRC government say that its ugandans foreign ?
It'S all too easy to be so compassionate these days that you let down your walls, only to be overwhelmed with someone else's pain.
President Yoweri Museveni, Speaker Rebecca Kadaga and the Nnabagereka among other dingnitaries who have graced Quinn Abenakyo's fundraising drive.
Mzee Corona Virus is beyond ur understanding & gvt's ability to fight, just imagine billions spent on fighting Locusts.
The appeal was made by the Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan, while opening the G20 Energy Ministers meeting in Istanbul on Friday.
The Canadian investors are interested in the development of the Namanve Industrial Park, building of a 132MW power plant in the Albertine Region and upgrading and revitalize Entebbe International Air Port among other things.
They deny charges of attacking Kabamba military barracks in Mubende district in May this year.
Olympic 2012 facts: 1- Nigeria yet to win a medal.
Ganzi 5th in 27.
'We have to buy these vaccines and as the private sector, we are engaging with manufacturers of the vaccine to see if we can buy and give them to the Government' - Ellly Karuhanga bit.
It'S fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.
Absolute is like cancer now fays for that question based on African( some) ruler .
may be he is talking to his fellows boys and girls on how they will take over this country when they grow up.
Good compliments for Uganda.
It is also one of the longest lived trees in the world; radio-carbon dating has measured ages of over 2000 years.
#Breakingnews: Half the #Ukraine troops from #Belbek base now marching to airstrip occupied by #Russians.
God bless our players .
“I decided to bring Kagere to stay with me for proper care after she was impregnated from the village in Bukomansimbi,” she said.
According to Annette Kiconco, the head of local business in Barclays bank the Show in Chicago “is the leading global marketplace to see the latest market-driven home goods and products, designs and trends.
IRA is concerned that government assets belong to the general public, meaning that any loss that may accrue from losing property affects everyone.
In your copy of today's New Vision, find out what Archbishop Lwanga says about his tithe comments.
#Fathersday SUPER DADS: “When my child is distressed, I gently rock him and sing a song about cattle to him.
Kwagalana group has placed a sh15m bounty for information leading to the arrest of the driver or recovery of the vehicle that run over Eriya Bugembe Ssebunya alias Kasiwukira.
Uganda’S Chess fraternity is on the brink of history as teenage chess sensation Phiona Mutesi meets Oprah Winfrey, the legendary American talk show host later today.
The Zambian leader has not been seen in public for weeks.
Breaking NEWS: Results from a UK lab & the Govt Chemist state cause of MP Cerinah Nebanda death was cocaine and heroin.
32M from President Museveni .
We bring to you the details of the gruesome massacre.
President KagutaMuseveni: I have for a long time known the suspect who murdered Joan Kagezi.
This world is not ours naye nolaba nrm nga etugumbula  banauganda , taking our lands on gun point , torturing innocent Ugandans cos they don't believe in them .
“We are here to fulfill the promise of ensuring Kenyans get title deeds for their land.
Programmes designed to end AIDS as a public health threat by 2030 such as elimination of mother-to-child transmission of HIV in Uganda can only be successful by.
The attackers, suspected of being members of the far-right, stormed the Favela Free Social Centre in the port city near Athens, holding torches and iron bars.
But the covid-19 taskforce together with @KCCAUG and @MinofHealthUG should select some arcades to pilot safety measures before opening all of them.
Medics torn between striking or not, as some claim not conceding to striking.
Am I seeing right/?
Those who do it are not Muslims.
We bring you the details in MotorMart.
The New Vision added 73 new photos.
Many people have argued that poor pay in the Uganda Police Force is the leading cause of corruption.
Katabazi took plea under the guidance of his lawyer, Caleb Kangye Mugabi.
Use strong teargas so z they faint.
Also find out how Dr. Love dealt with an inquisitive 9-year-old, who wanted to know everything about ‘lifeguard’.
Muzamiru mutuaba voted Man of the Match.
The UN therefore calls upon Governments, companies, NGOs, organisations and most especially, individuals to do something on that day in honour of Nelson Mandela in the fields of democracy, freedom, poverty, equality, diversity, reconciliation and respect.
Welcome to the New Vision Printing and Publishing Company Limited Annual General Meeting.
🗞️ Get yourself a copy from your nearest vendor or subscribe to our #EPAPER 👉🏽 bit.
The sign post is written on ,( No parking) but a taxi driver has parked to load passengers.
A raid on Bank of Uganda has exposed a problem there.
The New Vision is with Hope Suubi.
A private security guard suspected to have killed a branch manager of Dembelyo Telecom Limited, an agent of MTN in Mukono has been arrested.
Christmas is around the corner.
It now stands at Shs 2.
Time when you get real pleasure from entertaining friends.
Am I wrong to think that if she is happy with her ex then its okey for me to go out with this other guy.
Edit: Location is Bulange building during the Mengo-Lukiiko (Parliament) days.
Picture from #Musaga area.
The New Vision is with Elijah Edward Wabwire and 20 others.
The real ones should stay but the leaning ones should go.
President Yoweri Museveni has assented to the contentious public order management Bill that empowers police to regulate all public gatherings in the country.
The LRA started out as a Ugandan rebel group, but now mainly operates in neighbouring countries.
Can u guys act abit maturer!
In the capital, they were expected to meet President Muhammadu Buhari -- see more at: https://goo.
Nakasongola immigration training academy graduated 22 trainees after a four months training.
The New Vision is with Wasswa Arafat and Malee Jamir.
Hon Wanjusi committed to adopting a consultative approach to doing business.
So the Police officer should be paid, billions of shillings to be able to investigate a case of billions of shillings, doing your work well in public interest is not only about working and earning, it’s reputation and patriotism which later pays off well in along-run for the police officer and a country in general.
Cannabis rained from on high in Israel's liberal hub of Tel Aviv this week as legalisation campaigners used a drone to airdrop bags of the drug, sparking delight on the ground.
Instead, he fractured both his legs in a botched mission that saw him end up in hospital.
When its time to ship and sell, oil will no longer be the business!
"We must therefore identify these bottlenecks in entirety and fix them for good governance to make meaning".
Orina ebiso ebirugi baby.
First of all,u made a mistake,by telling him a lie.
This, however, is his opinion.
And a slave has no privacy or freedom to make personal decisions or action.
The actor appeared in all seven of the films in the franchise - including a fleeting flashback, using stock footage from an earlier film, in the most recent incarnation Creed.
The actor's ripped physique was on full display in a tight tank top when he was spotted leaving a gym in Los Angeles on Friday, Aug.
But Zidane coming back to Real Madrid, with only 11 games left in La Liga and almost nothing to play for, is a surprise, particularly after he left on the incredible high of yet another European triumph.
Spare us the admiration.
it's human nature to help each other.
‘By Christmas, we want to vaccinate all these vulnerable groups.
Just Kill Dat Suspect .
50pm to Sunday 9.
Share the gift of giving this Holy month.
Why doesn't the police work with UNBS to stop that?
Our driver museveni is drunk on power to care about oiling the machine for the next driver.
d one was missing something in life that's care.
more are going to do the same as the law can never find vivid evidence to convict them.
Some students to miss Makerere graduation that starts today and ends on Friday.
U need Carrier guidance.
An inmate of Jinja Remand Prison in Kirinya who was shot in a futile attempt to escape has had his leg amputated.
Great idea what are the procedures meaning do i need 2 be registered?
Is this vision 2050?
Read Joachim Buwembo's article on, "Making sense of Rwomushana’s 'annoying' comments to MPs".
Authorities say the border post was benefitting the M23 rebels fighting President Joseph Kabila’s government.
The inaugural Conference on Public Health in Africa (CPHIA), is opening today Tuesday, December 14 in the afternoon.
Plz Guys vote .
The New Vision is with Bikash Karjee.
Captain Dolla took the nation by storm with his innuendo-laden hit, Emesse.
Icymi: The Ministry of Health has dismissed media allegations that the president of Uganda, Yoweri Kaguta Museveni was the first Ugandan to be vaccinated for Covid-19.
Maria Nagirinya's murder suspects were paid sh130,000.
While shopping, ensure to always check for the digital stamps on the products.
Uganda Cranes train ahead of the Nations Cup qualifier against Cape Verde on Saturday at Namboole.
#Inthenewvision: Mulago Hospital is to introduce tele-medicine soon.
Stir until cheeses melt.
Have your boss think he/she is the only person in the room.
The New Vision is with Kimuli Angelous.
They are ( USA & Europeans) terrorists to our African leaders!
The New Vision is with Musinguzi Deus and 5 others.
When will this tit and tat end?
The Uganda national team netball player has spent the last three months looking for it but now the search is critical.
Nelson Mandela has left hospital after a 10-day stay during which the anti-apartheid icon was treated for pneumonia and will now receive "high care" at home, the South African government said.
Mityana MP Francis Zaake granted bail.
For further information, please call the UCC Toll Free 0800 133911.
u just want 2 disturb our peace.
William Olwoch-Lalobo never made it through medical school and was forced to instead study statistics at university.
Whoever took the Professor to court should be arrested as an enemy of human kind and for being idle and disorderly.
This follows a petition by the East Africa Media Institute and a journalist Andrew Mwenda.
sc/8BsCD7 Have you used the buses yet?
A three-month-old baby boy has been abandoned at a church in the western district of Mbarara.
May be I am over reacting I don’t know, am simply uncomfortable.
Katerera County Member of Parliament Hatwib Katoto has sued a money lending firm for confiscating his documents, he used as collateral for a sh100m loan which he claims he has since paid up.
Kyadondo East MP Ibrahim Semujju Nganda has been charged with disobedience of lawful orders.
I don't know how many jellyfish there were, but it was a very tough moment".
Moses,Pope is aJesuit,and thus catholic,wagon.
“Angels Are On Guard,” are the words displayed on the gate leading into the Matembes’ residence in Luzira, an upscale suburb of Kampala.
Kiprotich: Years later, I asked Haile Gabreselassie if he remembered my face and he said he did and that I was stronger.
Details in today's Saturday Vision.
All the highways have feeder roads & motorists should take advantage.
Pope will get more than that wrath from God.
What does a primary dealer bank do?
Full episode available to listen here 👉🏾.
Rem:There is no permanent situation in this universe so may we have other dev'tal issues than one man's age.
According to Dr. Ha, the smartphone is attached to a sensor that is inserted in the body of an animal.
Sunday Vision has the details-https://vpg.
Arua City Council has allocated sh190m under the Uganda Road Fund project to install 34 solar lights along Emmanuel Cathedral road in the first phase.
#Khartoum - In the thousands of years of Sudanese Nuba wrestling history, there had never been anything like it: A barefoot Japanese diplomat in a tight-fitting blue singlet stepping onto the sandy pitch to take on Sudan's toughest.
Why not do the same in Uganda?
Read full article in the Sunday Vision-https://vpg.
The experts from various parts of the world, say something needs to be done to apprehend the culprits.
Dp'S President; Norbert Mao admitted at Nairobi Hospital.
Do you love your cardio exercises?
Processed meats make global news once again.
You are very right Aunt Spe.
During a meeting with the country's senior security officials he added that he won’t introduce a visa regime with #Ukraine.
He is the best.
Fraudsters are increasingly fleecing people who lose their valuables under the guise of having recovered them, Police has revealed.
The New Vision is with Bahamas Denis and 8 others.
Speaker Rebecca Kadaga has given her view on the Murchison falls proposed dam.
"I can confirm the Vella Gulf, a Navy cruiser, will be going in to the Black Sea probably later this week," Pentagon spokesman Rear Admiral John Kirby told the press on Tuesday, AFP.
Prosecution had no objection.
The Anti-corruption Court remanded Byandala to August 11, when the court will again hear the case for bail and mention.
Recently, government announced the creation of another 25 districts ‘for effective administration and bringing services nearer to the people’.
Today, Sejusa’s legal team pitched a bid to have him freed on bail before February 18, saying the accused intends to vote for a candidate of his choice.
The traffic jam, that is believed to be at least a few kilometres long has affected both sides of the road as the engineers are letting through the vehicles from Kampala and Jinja, which are using only one lane, in alteration.
It involves using a watery solution of mineral nutrients.
He is always demanding money for their school fees and other needs.
Visit the Kenya Tourism Board website via: http://ktb.
<P>She becomes the 26th athlete to qualify for the Olympics due in August.
#Cattle #Transportation Kampala bound.
Appears to be tribalistic.
Are you happy with the 2017/18 budget?
And, that's democracy , lose and concede, not to defy and cause violence.
Lems should learn to live in a world where there other religions and tolerate other religions.
You would think that being a trusted reference point for people in need is a laudable achievement but that is because you are not my wife.
Is everything ok or what?
Please make an order for your students and for each book bought you will get a commission of Shs 5,000.
Adoa has never mentioned anything in that parliament now which type of a minister is that?
The duo had gone to arrest Innocent Munguia, a resident of Okasia village, Nio-Vurra parish in Adumi who reportedly burnt down three grass thatched houses following a disagreement with family members.
S4 student defiled and strangled to death.
Patrick Oboi Amuriat defeated Maj.
I bought one basin of raw groundnuts at sh6,000 and boiled it in bits to sell and raise fees.
Reassure her that your past is history and that you want to spend your time getting to know her instead.
He is the owner of the very popular Nile Bar and Restaurant and Nile Super Market both on establishments found on West Green Road, Tottenham in North London.
He is charged with three counts, including threatening violence.
It has nothing to do with ICT.
In the suit filed on July 13 at the Commercial Court in Kampala, Sebaggala is demanding for all the proceeds collected by MTN in relation to the ringtones.
Please bless us as we go out and as we come in.
We need food processing factories in west Nile, to provide market and job opportunities.
This ends the statutory management of the Ugandan bank by the Bank of Uganda.
Get up 10 minutes earlier in the morning so you can eat breakfast with your child or leave the dishes in the sink and take a walk after dinner.
THE NEW VISION LEAVE US ALONE.
He has pledged to petition these matters to the FUFA Appeals Committee before proceeding to FIFA.
And d end of d day, each 1of us puts food in own stomach.
David can u tell us the components of the oral cavity please ?
"The Central Government of China and the Chinese people, the people of the Hong Kong SAR included, will never allow few violent offenders to drag Hong Kong down to a dangerous abyss".
From metal fabrication, manufacture of concrete products, he makes ice cream and distributes sugar among others.
Sitting for more than three hours a day can cut two years off a person's life expectancy.
I pitty these parents who take and look at their kids as angles who can't be pointed at should be pleeded with all the time.
He has previously revealed that he had a girlfriend when he was 17, that he used to go dancing with in salsa clubs.
Heavenly Father, we are set in the midst of so many and great dangers, but grant us such strength and protection, to support us in all danger, and carry us through all temptations; through your Son, Jesus Christ our Lord.
What is your prediction and expectation?
Has it ever benefited me?
Want to be part of it?
"What we want now more than anything else is to go home, to take our friends and brothers home.
According to police, Bahiga was killed upon arriving at Bwebajja Mosque on Kampala-Entebbe Highway by two assailants on a motorcycle at 8:00pm on Sunday.
Former Kampala Mayor Nasser Sebaggala was yesterday arrested following an incident in which he drew a pistol at someone in a wrangle over a city wetland in Bugolobi http://see.
Enjoy the next 5yrs as we Ugandans suffer in your hands.
Uganda police has no ability to trace sophisticated criminals.
Stir in eggs and mashed bananas until well blended.
But that chance will come after beating other contenders from eight other different African countries.
🇰🇷 #SouthKorea's ex-president Park Geun-hye has received a presidential pardon, cutting short a jail term of more than 20 years for #corruption.
Then the same foolish revellers will be moaning poverty!
The terminal has been a source of dispute for nearly two decades after Lubega and Matovu claimed ownership against former rally ace the late Charles Muhangi.
The principle education officer Soroti Municipality has warned teachers to desist from administering corporal punishment to learners.
Hw dou keep your record?
However, our work relationship has grown stronger to the extent that I have grown some emotional feelings for him.
Simon Okoboi, 26, and Modesta Akello with her son only identified as Idongut, 5, died at around 5:00pm local time.
That's what minister Sam Kutesa is accused of taking as a kickback in an oil deal he was sealing on behalf of Ugandans.
Edward Snowden, 29, checked out from his hotel on Monday.
They come with huge chunks of money and splash it around to woo the girls.
In today's paper, find out what the Auditor General told MPs.
Our marriage has been going well until recently when we developed a misunderstanding.
It’S proven that couples who learn together connect deeper.
A lorry rammed into a taxi, a Toyota Premio and a bus.
Okay let him come but what we don't want to hear is that he discussed anything connected to Guys marriage 💍.
How comes that the whole envoy travels to kampala on road?
Museveni, who was meeting the resident city commissioner, Samuel Mpimbaza Hashaka and city executive director Jennifer Musisi, also halted all demolitions by Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA).
Pupils wearing face masks returned to school in Singapore on Tuesday and some workplaces re-opened as coronavirus restrictions were eased in the hard-hit city-state.
<P>Shilla Omuriwe was brought in as the team coach and between her Luke Eitit and Nason Bwesigye, they led Uganda to a sixth-place finish at the championships.
Former police officer (Detective Ssegujja) who is now in exile for 7 years since Mr Wamala was killed and then after Kaweesi was shot dead giving a testimonial report on how Kayiwura and state house (M7) were involved in both murders!
The 12 sites are believed to hold up to 1,700 Iraqi soldiers, who were brutally killed in a mass execution that was photographed and circulated online by Isis as propaganda.
Musicians seek special status, present details of their demands to Speaker Rebecca Kadaga.
Prisoners and Warders heading to the field.
So that the few days prior to the wedding, royal fans can cover themselves in the national flag and sleep on the streets to watch from a distance, a wedding, they pay for but are not invited to!
For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.
It is not the first time that violence has broken out over the yarchagumba harvest.
The Ambassador of Sweden to Uganda, H.E Per Lindgärde together with other participants have today ended the #7DayChallengeUganda in style with a luncheon made of salad buffet, fresh juices, vegetables and water stored in clay-made pot dispenser.
If anyone mentions his name, I have a meltdown.
"I had to put Titus Tugume in his place.
They were headed to countries like China and the Philippines, where some believe they have medicinal powers.
Full of great stories.
That road is not so good marrum as you claim though it's fair!
For instance, if an infected person touches their body, clothes, a table or doorknobs, then someone else touches the same surface and puts their hands on their face, then they can contract the virus.
True bt not easy!
They are loaded with magnesium, vitamin E, fiber and various other nutrients.
He shared his colourful war escapades with us.
“We condemn any potential effort by President Bashir to travel to New York, given that he stands accused of genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity by the International Criminal Court," the statement added.
Time for some late drama in North London?
Look @ da unity among family members.
London 2012 Kipsiro finishes 7th in 13:17.
etc will start certifying goods all at the cost of the consumer.
The Sickle Cell Association of Uganda is looking for shs 3b for the construction of a new hospital in Kawanda, expected to provide 24 hour medical services to sickle cell patients in the country.
Uganda'S commedian; Kansiime Anne wins Best Actress 2013 at the Lagos International Film Festival Awards.
“The young people should be careful.
Uganda Cranes will have to overcome a 1-0 deficit if they are to make it to the next phase of the 2015 African Cup of Nations qualifiers.
Responsible parenting should be firm to stop misbehavior with befitting consequences.
But remember that we too in Africa are great racists.
The New Vision is with Frank Mars.
New vision, you are fake ,police doesn't execute court order but the only provide security during the process.
Ugandan songbird Daisy Ejang has missed the sh150m Tusker Project Fame award, which was won by Hope Irakoze from Burundi.
On the list of things men like, putting on a condom falls somewhere near going shopping and changing diapers.
More in New Vision #EPAPER -https://vpg.
His life can't pay for the millions he killed.
Please learn to value time, third world need to catch up with 1st world.
#China #1 in 2012.
If you are at Entebbe already Post your experiences here.
I am in a relationship with a man at the office, but he heads a different department that I do not work in.
Army spokesman Paddy Ankunda told Sunday Vision that the removal of Sejusa from Parliament means he has ceased being the co-ordinator of intelligence services and holding any other post in the force.
Located at Namugongo, Kyaliwajjala, Plot 3782, Block 223.
Has anybody stayed home today?
According to the Police, Bigirimana authorised the diversion of sh1.
The New Vision is with Byaruhanga Bob.
Umeme should give an adequate Package given the risk he was exposed to.
Clad in black and white is their trainer and brother "Mr. Smile".
He later addressed a rally urging Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) to act on the bad roads.
Early in October, there were killings of two human rights workers in Afghanistan which also left six others injured.
I mean you guys just want to sell papers by creating sensational headlines in disregard to other businesses.
On the mention of Luzira, there is just one thing that comes to one’s mind, prison.
Today is the vernal equinox.
God teach us to number our days.
Tragedy befell Pastor Wilson Bugembe's church when an 8-year old girl was defiled and brutally murdered during night prayers.
Despite public outcry, 39 editors may have to step aside pending investigations.
The embryos are part of research aimed at overcoming the worldwide shortage of transplant organs.
As Uganda celebrates golden jubilee, the National standards Council has unveiled the official standardized national flag.
Follow the 80/20 plan: 80% of the year, you'll exercise regularly and eat well.
The annual sports gala organised by Reach Out Mbuya HIV/AIDS Initiative was on Saturday held at Kyambogo University Sports field.
Combine bread crumbs and Parmesan cheese in a separate shallow bowl.
My husband is a classic case of narcissism.
A man missing for six days in a remote Australian desert in searing heat without water was found Tuesday after surviving by eating black ants, police said.
The New Vision is with Victorious Vick.
Heavenly Father, I give You thanks for all my blessings and answered prayers in my life.
was it becoz of politics?
My friend found out and was very angry and said it would be awkward for her so I stopped speaking to him.
I wonder why police harassed the piglets.
To the finance minister, warning the Government of the potential key risks that are likely to affect the road development programme if the decision to merge the agencies is implemented.
It’S okay to seek guidance on how best to raise your children.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has signed a bill that completes Russia's annexation of Crimea.
Find out why Mabirizi wants court to summon Kadaga on age limit case in New Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Cook onion, garlic and ginger for 2 to 3 minutes or until onion has softened.
The African grate looser.
The New Vision added a new photo — at State House, Entebbe.
The LCI and LCII elections, which have been pending for over a decade, will now be conducted after the 2016 general elections.
Find out what it is, in the New Vision.
South Sudan has over the past week ordered two senior employees of the Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC) to leave the country, without explanation, the aid organisation said Wednesday.
I am sure if it were possible some people would have him exhumed and whipped - RIP!
Pope Francis will arrive at Entebbe airport on November 27, spend a day and half before jetting off to Central African Republic.
Counseling and guidance sessions were held to the empower the youth and women with life skills.
I would seduce him”.
Who is really responsible for planning?
Visit the Pepsi Uganda facebook page via: .
Makerere researchers invent touch-less hand washing machine.
so it will be that money was stolen under forged signatures but no one can be held for forging the signatures!
Karimojong farmers in Napak district have embraced new farming methods in order to fight food insecurity.
Well, if our fellow brothers & sisters that we all love dearly from the western genuinely believed that they are not being favoured then who are this aliens with surnames of similarity occupied most lucrative jobs and institutions from state house to everything in Uganda so who are this aliens.
No video footage of the alleged 250,000 bribe has been produced Says Matsiko.
In a letter dated September 20, 2012, the tenants said they should be left to continue with their businesses until a tenancy agreement they signed with the managers of the park expires.
Four other games are under way now.
This generation with Kyaguranyi, these institutions stripped naked.
“We are protecting billions, but earning Sh140, 000.
This photo from last weekend in Jinja.
Says weevils have been removed from police.
"My siblings and I do not have a father.
I have been married for four years, with two sons.
Place tea bag, lemon juice, and honey in teacup; add boiling water.
Around Uganda; In Kyotera, couple faces arrest over son’s death.
Otafiire said simple sentences which the judicially give corrupt officials are instead working as catalysts to corruption.
Tottenham dropped two precious points against 10-man Southampton on Tuesday as West Ham hammered Watford 4-1 to turn up the heat in the race for a coveted Premier League top-four spot.
Find in out the New Vision how your district performed in the A’level examination results.
Today'S Front Page:Get a complete digital copy at; http://epaper.
The United States has disclosed that Sudan's president Omar al-Bashir has officially applied for a visa to travel to the country to attend the UN General Assembly which will be held in New York City end of September.
Her emotional security is threatened, and her academic focus distracted.
simply download our mobile app and have the best news delivery on the go.
How do you think about refugees before thinking about your own citizens.
“Words cannot explain the pain I am still going through ever since the lord called my daughter.
was she right or nt?
During their 4-day visit, President Kaguta Museveni and wife were received by Emperor Akihito& Empress Michiko at Akasaka Imperial Palace in Tokyo.
Kenya blocks Ugandan truck drivers, cargo stuck at border #EPAPER: http://is.
Green tea is also credited with a host of other health-boosting benefits, like firing up your metabolism, lowering blood pressure, preventing bad breath, boosting immunity, and acting as an anti-inflammatory agent.
And Allah is Knowing of all things.
Pour over confectioners' sugar in a large mixing bowl.
Grab a copy of the Sunday Vision for MORE #EPAPER-https://epaper.
The New Vision is with Linda Rwija Nyatworo and 3 others.
🗞️ Read it in today's edition 👉🏽.
“The scholarships will contribute to the growth of the African AI ecosystem”.
Find out why you should accompany your man to the salon.
Here bajja na bajja can't sit next to each other.
Savings of sh800b have been identified.
Jacob Zuma asks Nkurunziza not to run for a 3rd term.
#Top40Under40: TOP 40 UNDER 40 - Do you know an outstanding professional?
🇳🇦Namibia'S political veteran Hage Geingob is extending his stint in power 👉🏾.
First Lady and Minister for Education.
I was and still hapi 4 dat win.
The Bishop of Soroti Diocese, his Lordship Dr Joseph Eciru Oliach, has urged Christians to surrender and repent so as they can be forgiven this Christmas.
I wish he was my presido!
Us Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel ordered the USS George HW Bush, which carries dozens of fighter jets, to be moved from the North Arabian Sea.
The flogs noise,does not stop the cow to take water in the swamp.
I told you bad black.
Mostly women, children and the elderly carrying bags of clothes were hauled out of farming villages near Mayon volcano's slopes on board army trucks and minibuses.
Ryday thieves seem to devise new ways to empty national coffers.
she slept in the park.
The couple will later return to Uganda and will be received at the bishop’s Kisenyi-based Christianity Focus Centre Church on Sunday.
President Museveni and his Kenyan counterpart President Uhuru Kenyatta over the weekend commissioned the Busia One -Stop Border Post.
The announcement came less than two weeks before Iran's negotiations with Western powers over its nuclear activities are set to expire.
"We bind the speaker,deputy speaker and EC from any further action on this matter until the application has been disposed off"- Sup.
Don’T wake up with the regret of what you couldn’t accomplish yesterday.
The culprits include errant officials in the ministries, departments or local government units that control money for pensioners.
The ''Kenyans'' r crying coz of increased ''V.A.T'' am i wrong?
Kenya had the largest number of casualties with 32, followed by Canada with 18, Ethiopia nine, then Italy, China, and the United States with eight each.
But I'm not too sure.
Kenyatta said 61 civilians and six security officers have been confirmed dead in the attack, and he declared three days of national mourning.
Following the evening rainfall, transport fares have been temporarily hiked by some operators.
Today, designers are creating stylish hijab-inspired clothing for the modern Muslim woman.
Advanced HIV diseases: Who is vulnerable?
Only the first three correct predictions (comments) will be considered for the prize.
The New Vision is with Julius Karanzi and 6 others.
some people call them poilne bt when thy are n't,on uqeen's way.
Kyoka wen they try to sneak those so called police men only want to be mean instead of politely speak to them.
Yaka reading @ 0.
The New Vision is with Waluujo Vincent.
The New Vision is with Alah Caawinaadina Waa Guusheena and Cheruiyot Evans.
Wt would brendan do?
The New Vision added 5 new photos — in Bugembe, Masindi, Uganda.
Police have launched investigations into the murder of two people Tuesday morning at Busabala.
Tusker Project Fame Audition for Western Uganda will be on at Agip Motel Tomorrow.
The New Vision is with Musě Ina Abdûllahï and 2 others.
I came out of a rough season and I did what I had to do.
With the Democratic Republic of Congo's (DRC) latest outbreak spreading to Uganda for the first time, here are some facts about the virus.
'Stalked inside 60 yards on the this beautiful male lion.
Rino Pensa and son have been making papal parchments for decades, crafting hand-painted blessing scrolls in Italy which are purchased by the faithful around the world to celebrate marriages, baptisms and anniversaries.
From exporting cow ghee to Ethiopia to trading in war-torn Southern Sudan, he has done it all.
#Entertainment: Diddy has started using his original stage name, Puff Daddy, again.
For more videos click here: http://youtu.
It serves both purposes!
Fdc: Mugisha Muntu has been declared the winner of the FDC presidential race.
De Molina is in Uganda with a television crew to track and film mountain gorillas and other wildlife.
President Museveni has called for a summit to end the fight for the Nile Waters.
#Breaking: Fugitive Bad Black Arrested in Rwanda.
Hundreds of mourners thronged the National Theatre to attend the vigil on Sunday.
Vivo Energy through the Shell V-Power brand will fly some of its loyal customer to Abu-Dhabi to tour the Ferrari world and also watch the Abu-Dhabi grand prix live on November 29.
The scientists have debunked a growing conspiracy about #COVID19 vaccines being harmful to the people.
And honesty is telling the truth to other people”.
Feyenoord fans clash with police at the Spanish Steps prior to the start of the Europa League soccer match between AS Roma and Feyenoord in Rome, Italy February 19, 2015.
Rt @newvisionwire: When contacted earlier on phone, Otunnu said he was caught up somewhere and was planning to vote.
But wat fails u?
Tororo women are discouraging their husbands from undergoing circumcision, health authorities have disclosed.
"So the intention, what forced him to hijack his own plane, still beggars belief.
May your healing hand rest upon those suffering in hospitals and homes.
The leaders facing the sack are resident district commissioners, their deputies, chief administrative officers (CAOs), the Police chiefs, internal security officers (ISO) and chiefs.
Her Christmas wish is to have a good meal for her daughter, drinks and new clothes.
"The ICC way is not the right one to handle those mistakes".
Coach Mike Mutebi believes that his KCCA FC side is back on form and ready to prove it when they take on Express in a crucial StarTimes Uganda Premier League match at Lugogo today.
That’S how children learn to manage theirs.
#Ukrainecrisis: President Yanukovych has spoken on Ukrainian local TV.
Bird watching is destined to be Uganda's ace over her competitors in attracting tourists in a market with similar attractions.
Al Shabaab spokesman Abdulaziz Abu Musab claimed the attack, boasting to AFP that five AU soldiers had been killed and vehicles destroyed.
Read more in today's New Vision 🗞️—.
:Reason: he was among those who tried that failed assassination on Obote rip.
(3)Which other country other than Uganda has gvt organs that pay rent 2 foreigners.
Find out what she has to say about ending child marriages.
Kidnap: CABINET ORDERS PROBE INTO TELECOMS.
No medical fame for this torturer.
U better return our money.
FDC Spokesperson, Wafula Oguttu, on Monday told a news conference in Kampala that “there is no institution that can survive without discipline”.
Five workers who fell into the river in the accident were rescued and sent to hospital, Xinhua said.
The Government has made a number of laws and policies to provide for local content, where local suppliers can participate in the oil and gas sector, but such laws have remained on paper.
Museveni sets 71 percent pace.
U know in india men are under women ndowoza musajja mukulu ono ekyo yali akyelabide.
The second, third and fourth rounds of the MAU Challenge on Easter Day, Labour Day and June 14, respectively, were affected by the #coronavirus lockdown.
Free market economy, prices are determined by forces of demand and supply!
If he met some of our party members, he met them as individuals but not on behalf of the party,” Kikonyogo said.
The other day i watched the Kampala Auditions and cracked ribs with my sister, my niece and kaka.
Moses Kayiira innovating his way to success.
The MPs who addressed a press conference at Parliament Building Wednesday are Peter Ogwang (youth eastern), Kenneth Omona (Kaberamaido), Samuel Ssemugaba (Kiboga west), Peter Okeyoh (Bukooli island) and Nelson Sabila (Kongasis).
Ar dey taking blood?
#Arsenal, who have had a flawless Europa League campaign so far, meet Benfica.
The ball came off his thigh, hit the crossbar, hit the inside of the post and then went in.
The Archbishop of the Church of Uganda Dr. Stephen Kaziimba Mugalu has called upon the Ministry of Education to think of a strategic plan for pregnant children who are willing to go back to school.
5 people have reportedly been killed and several injured.
Uganda People's Defense Forces (UPDF) has sent a team of officers to identify the bodies of eight fishermen allegedly killed by armed men inside South Sudan while on a fishing mission.
Stay patient, right now the average time to land a job is two months but it may take longer with some industries and locations.
Bernie Sanders wins the Kansas Democratic caucuses at 8:29 p.m. ET , according to the state party.
Find out why Museveni, MPs are disagreeing on salary increment for science teachers in New Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
"I didn't feel great in the heats, but it was pretty good.
We Go We Go!
Here's how he spent Day 2 of his tour.
Exploit us, after all you'll need our votes within a few months from now.
The #UNEB has accorded 45 extra minutes to pregnant and breastfeeding candidates who are writing their Uganda Certificate of Education exams.
But the government itself is made up of thieves.
Up to that point, she had done it all - from dealing in secondhand clothes in Owino market and vending second clothes on the streets of Kampala to etch a living.
If the government is losing control speak out, save the vulnerable, save as many as you can, don't bite your tongue on this.
Scientists have failed to take up job offers in Soroti district.
Today is Bicarbonate of Soda Day!
Which means no more taking in people as prisoners.
The Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) party has asked government to expeditiously come up with a strong legislation on the use of firearms after a trigger-happy police constable identified as Santos Komakech shot and killed 2 people in Luzira doing a botched eviction exercise.
As the violation of other humanrights falls, torture assumes the lion’sshare of abuses, accounting for a whopping 70% of reported abuses of Ugandans’ rights.
The New Vision is with Jonathan Jerome Massawe and 7 others.
The COVID-19 pandemic could reverse decades of progress toward eliminating preventable child deaths, said the UN Children's Fund (UNICEF).
Cord Leader and former Prime Minister Raila Oding has just addressed the press.
The New Vision is with Nangayo Gerald Bukoma.
The New Vision is with Fredrick David Lutakome.
The state of New York has confirmed five cases of the coronavirus Omicron variant, Governor Kathy Hochul said Thursday, bringing the total number of US detections of the new strain to eight.
He is every bit the man you would think he is.
Parenting tip:Know when to toilet train.
Where do the ball boys be?
may be it the reason why the budget has been tight this yr.
Museveni decries political indispline.
“Upon interviewing them, they claimed to have been going through a lot of mistreatment and harassment from their employers," said the police spokesperson, Fred Enanga.
they poluted our sea with their nuclear waste and we starved to death.
"I can say I am very happy to win a medal for my country.
Myanmar President U Htin Kyaw resigned on March 21, 2018, a statement says.
So, we did what always do best—we lumped him with the one-hit wonders.
Auditions are on now.
Can we end voter bribery in schools?
Have you ever given him a medal?
Of course he has to pray for our beloved leader Museveni ❤️❤️💜💜💜 who else should he pray for?
The Directorate of Ethics and Integrity is in the process of initiating a law for the establishment of a Special Anti-Corruption Court to ensure speedy adjudication of corruption cases, a parliament committee has heard.
They argued that their pay should be reviewed since they play an oversight role similar to that of MPs who earn between sh15m & sh20m monthly, depending largely on mileage.
Overheating could be the consequence of several problems such as a blocked radiator, cracked cooling system or a botched water pump.
New vision,wats d sos ov yo infomn dat doz guys a dancing fo Sevo,mubelemu namwe .
President Yoweri Museveni has blasted groups and individuals who say the Government wants to abolish kingdoms and traditional leaders: http://ow.
Photo by New Vision photo journalist; Abu Mwesigwa.
30pm Uganda time thus the delay in the Gold ceremony.
While 343 of the 2019 candidates scored aggregate four, the maximum points one can get in PLE, only seven obtained aggregate eight in O’level, the maximum score a candidate can get.
Should government confiscate and sell off assets of corrupt officials?
Three English Premier League games, with victory for all the away teams - and with an identical score.
Rwandese are disguising as banyankore.
Floyd loss the fight!
Mumbi Leo Mwila .
@Uwec_Entebbezoo was opened in 1952 as a reception centre for wild animals that were found as casualties.
People power is a terror group though registered.
Fireee in Jesus name.
Kenyan athlete David Rudisha set a 800m world record at the 2012 Olympics.
Its not symtom, but the genesis/ root cause of the problem.
#Nvcovidtales: “Even while in the intensive care unit, I never lost hope of getting back on my feet because I was always encouraged by the directors from my workplace.
Uganda never seems to run shot of boxing drama when it comes to international engagements.
Mark your calendar, it's only 3 DAYS to the Bride & Groom Expo weekend (24th - 26th June) at UMA New Exhibition Hall.
What is most confusing in this situation is that my three year old husband has started noticing the cold shoulder I give him whenever we are at home and also in bed.
On this coming Thursday, Bukedde TV and ForteBet team will be at Kirinya branch.
Whats happening, Endiga tiziwayo bbulungi or!
Mber everything on this planet earth has an end" so your days will reach 4 we are tired.
We have another early goal elsewhere!
What'S for lunch on your end?
This Friday, Vision Pakasa brings you his inspiring story.
A wedding planner acts as the shock absorber or the punching bag for all the couples would- be fatigue.
Scores of people gathered in a square in the capital Harare to demonstrate against the country's worsening economy, despite massive police deployment and a ban upheld.
The countrywide teachers’ strike has entered day two with Uganda National Teachers Union (UNATU) claiming victory over their industrial action.
“I saw Mum struggle to put food on the table and pay our school fees.
Muhwezi said the Prime Minister Amama Mbabazi and the Speaker of Parliament Rabecca Kadaga had developed appetite for presidency so early, which would have led to serious conflicts in the party if not stopped.
To book your ticket: 0776005252, 0702005252, Email: ticketing@solutionsea.
Government is sending out trained counselors in reproductive health to schools to talk to students, pupils, teachers and parents on the dangers of increasing rate of child marriages and early pregnancies countrywide.
,he is well eguiped with papers.
Do they have something to hide that he may reveal?
To address the governance question, one has to dissolve Cabinet, Parliament and Judiciary,” Twinomuhangi states.
The New Vision is with Deo Agaba and Melvin Omondi.
Court heard that Wapokura who is also HIV-positive, defiled the girl three times between November 2009 and March 2010.
Just IN: A van carrying Onduparaka players has been involved in an accident at Kalerwe.
A Tororo man identified as Charles Oboth on Saturday fainted on getting DNA results which disregarded him as the biological father of a five-year-old boy.
A law allowing men in Kenya to marry as many women as they want was signed into law Tuesday by President Uhuru Kenyatta, despite criticism from women's groups.
The Government has acquired biometric machines to capture arrival and departure times of health workers.
The over 200 students on Monday morning went on strike protesting poor accommodation claiming that a room which is supposed to accommodate 2 people, houses 8.
or to jump off a cliff.
Boldness has genius, magic, and power in it”.
Is she working for Ugandans or other countries.
How about where she gets the water to wash the plates all the eggs for bacterias lay in the waters mukama atuyambe.
Get the full story in Saturday Vision #EPAPER- https://epaper.
Restless Development, a Non-Government Organisation (NGO) has urged entrepreneurs to research before engaging themselves in any business.
You know that from South Africa to Nigeria to Uganda many faithful who suffer from poverty, war, Islamic fundamentalism hope you will visit this year.
Find deatils of this story in the New Vision 👉 #EPAPER: is.
Grant us a cheerful spirit when things don't go our way.
Today: CECAFA quarterfinals - 7pm Namboole Uganda Cranes v Ethiopia http://j.
Gazidis said the Gunners have a clear idea of how they will replace Wenger when he comes to leave the club, although he refused to reveal specific details.
I gave birth to twins and we still would not even talk about getting married.
Are u guy sure ab wat u a sayin?
8 percent back Trump.
The good past reminds you of how you can enjoy your relationship, while the bad memories teach you how best to handle the challenges.
Why save such culprits ?
The best time to drink water is half an hour before meals.
Today, we turn back the hands of time to the night Dorcus Inzikuru raced to steeplechase gold in Finland.
Zuma added that the freeway between Johannesburg and Pretoria was “not some national road in Malawi”.
If you had a job, would you work 7 days a week, with no weekend or days off?
The Saudi Embassy in Kampala has started issuing visas for Muslim pilgrims travelling to Medina and Mecca for Humra.
On the contrary, leaders who can remain flexible and open to new inputs while attempting to navigate in unfamiliar territory will be better able to move ahead.
Welcome to the #HarvestMoneyWebsite launch.
South Sudanese president Salva Kiir was rushed to hospital in the Ethiopian Capital, Addis Ababa, on Wednesday.
African countries are losing US$38bn a year through trade mispricing, according to a recent report published by the Africa Progress Panel.
Is it also a country like we have Uganda?
Who are our penalty takers?
Quote of the day: “Government banned the purchase of second hand cars.
The decision to buy iPads was taken by the Parliamentary Commission, and it is awaiting execution by the contracts committee of the Parliament.
The New Vision is with Wasswa Arafat and 2 others.
Jonjo Shelvey's late equaliser handed Newcastle United a draw against Man City after a wonderful performance.
I write to you this week as we intensify the campaign in Kampala region to stop unborn babies from contracting HIV and keeping mothers alive.
As it stands, it is 2-2 on aggregate, and the hosts would be through.
This must not be prompted by the authority to enjoy its benefits.
Special consideration shall be given to gender, teachers handling learners with special learning needs, Karamoja region and refugee hosting communities.
But I don’t think I can forgive her or forget this.
Igg probes aviation authority https://vpg.
The Hungarian fighter standing 188cm tall and weighing 78.
Mwe temumanyi mbeera bana battu, when the going gets tough the tough goes.
Many innovations stale on innovators’ computers because they fail to get help.
Usual thng so by wat increase coz t cant b decrease e ar sure.
Crowds at the accident scene have caused a heavy traffic jam.
The Kayanjas are not just preachers of the Word.
In the suit filed against the state minister of tourism, Godfrey Kiwanda, Tugume states that the project promotes prostitution in Uganda.
Oboth you didn't consult!
Europe/ Asia, kindly add me on whatsap +1 514 907 3217 for more info.
Let someone take over your office for better service delivery.
Gorv was promoting PRIVATISATION what has happened again?
And more wrinkles around those lips.
greedy with love for every thing?
, right now the world is discussing the Brexit financial and trade implications on the world's economy and the they have started discussing succession plan.
The New Vision is with Nalumoso Martin.
This is building castles on air ?
Muwada said Museveni was never vetted when he claimed power in 1986.
Bishop Olwa campaigns for Museveni in Lango sub-region, details in the New Vision.
More than 100 MPs have written to Johnson to urge him to reconvene and let them sit permanently until October 31 -- the date Britain is due to leave the European.
In HEALTH & BEAUTY: HIV-WHY MOTHERS MUST KNOW THEIR STATUS.
The project that cost government Ugshs 3 billion serves the following areas: Kanyamugyenzi, Kikamba, Nyakishana, Buhweju High School, Kayanja, Itororo, Kajani, Kashenyi, Nsiika and Buhweju District Headquarters.
Are you judging or praying for watoto?
#2021Recap: Sujal Goswami, the Chairperson of Uganda Fish Processors and Exporters Association (UFPEA) apologised over his comments in the media calling for reservation of the Nile Perch for exports only.
In the New Vision 1986, "Govt to curb inflation.
The Mom survived but the son passed away.
"The Police is prepared to protect all Ugandans of a peace-loving nature, and to counter legitimately any form or threat of violence," says Police chief Gen.
While Kumi wants the burial to take place at St Stephen Cathedral in Kumi town, Soroti leaders are pushing for the bishop’s remains to be interred at St Peter’s Cathedral.
Some ugandans are paying no attention to such.
(In the picture Bobbi Kristina Brown with her late mum, Whitney Houston in 2011.
Or you got sacked.
The celebrations will come to you LIVE.
Monitor What Kids See and Read, TV shows, magazines and books, the Internet.
The schedule also indicates that Ruto and Sang will have their trials held from 9:30am to 1pm while Kenyatta’s sessions will be held in the afternoons starting from 2:30pm to 6pm.
Find several Job offers in the New Vision today-https://vpg.
The wry and merciless patrician comedy was a revelation when it came out 25 years ago, and remains one today.
In our four-part series starting tomorrow in The New Vision, we explore the issue in depth.
“Consult not your fears, but your hopes and your dreams”.
A volcano is growing.
Two-Time league MVP Stephen Curry is just two three-point baskets away from breaking Ray Allen's all-time NBA record.
When writer Nikole Paterson accompanies her boyfriend to a Dodgers game on his birthday, the last thing she expects (or wants) is a proposal.
please give me a reason why we need foreign Aid?
City Hall Court has granted bail to two men who allegedly stormed Parliament during plenary.
Vision Group rolls out Uganda Cranes souvenir magazine.
A country that takes care of its own.
Extremely important classes and we can use the hand of Asians and Whites in this process.
Tourism wildlife antiquities minister Maria Mutagamba has warned graduates of Jimmy Sekkasi Institute of catering against indecent dressing and use of drugs.
Another 1,917 jobs have been created by joint ventures with an average employment of 50 workers per project.
2013 - In Zambia a bus operated by the postal service, carrying passengers toward its capital Lusaka, smashed into a semi-truck and another car killing at least 53 people in one of the worst traffic crashes in the nation in recent history.
In his statement, the Court chairman Brig.
His friends must have thought it was not ‘cool’ at the time.
We have been together for seven years and are both students.
It'S nt a monkey.
A 35-year-old teacher at a Kyanyabigando Primary school in the Bugarama ward of Bisheshe Division in the Ibanda Municipality has been remanded to Nyabihikye government prison, following his arrest and arraignment for alleged defilement of his pupil.
Oil LAND CLASHES: ARMY RUSHES TO HOIMA.
This is the super Team set to thrash Senegal today.
The Kampala Sun Today.
“I am more prepared than ever.
Hass avocado is fairly a new tradable crop in Uganda.
Power is too sweet.
What are your predictions for this game?
The New Vision is with Frank Dan and 3 others.
Bukedde is in Lugazi.
🤔 What happens when you throw hot water from a thermos bottle into cold air?
Police are hunting for the killers of a 69-year-old woman, only identified as Norah in Kabale district.
Many couples who even have sight do not last more than weeks.
If that happens, they should tell you immediately.
Nssf MD Richard Byarugaba has said workers cannot get 20% pay from their savings unless current law is amended.
Time to time put the laptop and Phone away and go communicate with your co-workers.
According to some psychologists, human beings are not capable of being “just friends” with members of the opposite sex.
Cme and purchase ur best.
Gud spirit meanwhile as da'Arabz look on.
Video: A city music promoter strips naked to protest against suspension of events.
The contract of the student loan recovery has been signed.
Prisoners use their boot system wen eva they get chance out.
Don’t worry about the money, just make it work and you can.
Popular musician Mathias Walukagga is among the 300 suspected ringleaders that co-ordinated riots that started in Luuka district and spread across urban centres in the country, including Kampala city.
In 2017, reports indicated Kenzo was not seeing his wife.
There will be lots of entertainment and goodies to be won!
Check out and like Pakasa Vision for the finer details.
This follows a landmark Constitutional Court ruling that outlawed their wilful change of political party allegiances.
“Choose oversize furniture pieces for this space.
The Swedish government has earmarked sh21.
Police had earlier in the day camped at Besigye’s home located in Kasangati along Nangabo Road in Wakiso district to block him from leaving for the planned rallies.
"Everyone has highs and lows that they have to learn from, but every morning I start off with a good head on my shoulders, saying to myself, 'It's going to be a good day".
The novel coronavirus has killed at least 880,396 people since the outbreak emerged in China last December, according to a tally from official sources compiled by AFP.
In a reserch by bbc focus on Africa,few months ago in Tanzania,the rings in the upper rol of the condoms were found being put on as bangles on the peoples arms.
An Indian man who shocked hospital staff when he woke up on an autopsy table just before a post-mortem was about to begin has died, authorities said Wednesday.
Three senior officers of the UPDF have offered to stand sureties for the temporary release of the former commander of the Ugandan contingent in Somalia, Brig.
#Todayinhistory #Uganda Jan 25,1971 - Military coup in Uganda.
The 17-year-old was fortunate to try and carve out careers at Tottenham, Reading, Portsmouth and Leyton Orient.
This and other stories in the Saturday Vision.
U Know What awoman like much !
What started as the European colonial divide and rule legacy; enlisting the Northerners into the security forces begining with their arrival in Uganda and keeping out the Eastern Bantu, central and the western peoples.
This is after the Ugandan trio of Olympic gold medalist Stephen Kiprotich, Jackson #Kiprop and Abraham #Kiplimo passed the 42.
The Electoral Commission this afternoon showed off a sample of what the 2016 presidential ballot paper will look like.
Gabon has detained a taekwando coach suspected of abusing underage boys in his care, a judicial source said Wednesday.
They don't know how to use their trunks to drink until they are 9 months old.
nevet mind the state of art bldg in Kampala.
In addition, optimal service delivery that the country much covets remains an illusion.
Stir until you get the desired thickness.
The members argue that former .
"I call on Kenyans to stand courageous and united.
Breaking: Liverpool have reached an agreement with Manchester City over the £49m transfer of Raheem Sterling.
Updf car rams into train, two injured.
The bus is always on test drive, what's up?
Todays Premier League Fixtures, What are your Predictions?
The appointing authority shud consider recalling Prof Lutalo Bbosa, he is the only person who can brin back sanity to that great institution.
My bro ,its for better or for worse.
Musevenism has caught up with many.
Find the full opinion 👉🏿.
Some lil behaviors can be noticed before proceeding to serious biz only for you to give it time mbu your would be partner would change.
Grab yourself a copy or subscribe to our epaper at .
I was a chief signatory to the old account that he (accused) abandoned," Kamusala said.
Here are some highlights from the sector.
State House budget is to increase by sh110b in the next financial year, according to the state minister for finance in charge of general duties, Fred Omach.
Activists called for workers to stay at home Monday as part of a "civil disobedience movement", the second such initiative after a similar three-day strike last month which had a mixed response.
Saturday Vision brings the insight - vpg.
In the New Vision Today: Uganda has 48 hours to replace Zziwa, Church of England appoints first woman Bishop,Massa joint top scorer in South Africa, Govt happy with Sejusa return-Rugunda, and more.
Read her story here 👉🏽.
Thou shalt not steal is a pretty central tenet of the Bible.
At least 19 people were killed when gunmen attacked a fish market in northeast Democratic Republic of Congo near Lake Albert, local officials said on Sunday.
Then he was suddenly fired, a development that woke him up to his potential.
Interfering with our politics by over throwing one government after another and in the process shedding innocent blood and making Africa your "county " is what made you unpopular.
50pm on Friday November 27.
80% of the bread winners in Uganda die of high blood pressure and sudden paralysis of one side of the body (stroke),” Dr. Gerald Mutungi says.
The deployment comes after suspected Bokora cattle rustlers injured two people and set ﬁre to three homes during a raid in Moroto district.
I might not be able to show you just how much, but I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
Picture: Deputy CDF and UPDF MP Gen.
Evelyn Anite has sought divine intervention in her fight against what she contends are mafia attempts to resuscitate the limping Uganda Telecom.
Wanyange Girls School has been indefinitely closed today Friday following unrest by students protesting purported strange demon attacks.
But what would drive a mother to sell her child for sh340,000 (£70)?
The most important is william's vaccine 4 malaria.
Ug politician sh'd put their dream into action!
About 570 Ugandan girls and young women aged 15 to 24 get infected with HIV every week, according to the HIV/AIDS situation analysis by Uganda AIDS Commission.
Pilgrims and other faith-based tourists from upcountry, as well as from the neighbouring countries have been urged not to trek the long distance to Namugongo for the Uganda Martyrs Day.
Arteta hails Aubameyang as Arsenal captain downs Everton; For much of a troubled season, Arsenal have been written off.
Bukenya only accepted the summon in which he is charged alone with abuse of office http://see.
The army has scoffed at claims of intimidation by Gen David Sejusa a.k.a David Tinyefuza currently in United Kingdom.
The now a parish used to be a sub-parish of Our Lady of Africa Parish, Mbuya.
Those that have been blocked from contesting are Bwiruka Bala David of Social Sciences, Law student Kayondo Latima and Seruuma Kenneth who is studying Engineering.
Details in the New Vision, e-paper via bit.
The Constitutional Court has stopped the treason and terrorism cases against Col.
You can imagine how people we have in Army .
The New Vision is with Wandukwa Emmanuel.
Peace Komujuni, who died a few hours after marrying Justus Tumuhimbise in Sheema district on Saturday, has been buried at her husband’s home.
Details in the New Vision, E-paper via bit.
Luzira is a suburb of Kampala, the capital of Uganda.
The number of people being examined for the Typhoid scourge at Kisenyi health Centre has gone up from 2,140 where it was on Tuesday to 3,000.
Agricultural research institutes across the country have asked government to increase on their budget in order to operate effectively.
The Pan African Parliament has rejected a motion that would see the institution pull out from participating in election observation as part of the African Union delegation on the continent.
Uganda National Roads Authority (UNRA) is set to reconstruct the Kanungu-Rukungiri highway in the coming financial year, says its spokesperson Dan Alinange.
And what's wrong with the savers being below 30years?
That's KCCA FC v Proline Football Club - PFC for you (4pm).
Uganda on Wednesday welcomed the decision by the United States Department of State to designate the Allied Democratic Forces (ADF).
Singer Iryn Namubiru, who has been under Japanese police custody over allegations of drug-trafficking, has finally been freed after the court found her innocent.
The battle of the mind is one of the hardest, yet most critical in your wealth creation journey.
"The information you give is used to make better policies and plans, and to improve service delivery in your community," Museveni tweets after being counted in the ongoing national census, 2014.
There is no excuse for what is taking place.
00 TUNDRA HILUX 970,000 AND ALOT MORE, CALL CUSTOM AYODELE (GCS)ON +2348160734316.
Do you think the World Bank has been important to Uganda in recent years?
Let us not sacrifice our values and dignity to appease cowards.
Read more about parenting 🗞️ - bit.
The New Vision is with Meraj Mastan and 4 others.
You don't have to completely give up soda and coffee, but you should scale back in order to keep yourself in tip top shape.
Today, he is a top metal fabricator.
"As a committee, we pledge full support to this cause to enable UNBS ably implement its mandate, which is so critical in ensuring the health and safety of Ugandans".
How Austrian🇦🇹 Dominic Thiem batted in the final to clinch his maiden Grand Slam title.
It is time we rise up as Ugandans and help violence victims in our communities speak out.
His reign has made even the least poor very contented with  poverty and retain such leader in poor.
Odonga Otto to abandon hisAruu constituency for Omoro County in Gulu district.
Full video on www.
Uganda Breweries has, for the past four years, run The Red Card Campaign, which promotes responsible consumption of Alcohol with emphasis on Zero tolerance to Drunk Driving.
Speaker Rebecca Kadaga bids farewell to the Commonwealth Parliamentary delegates.
He is the first to be tried for war crimes in the high court which was established after the domestication of the Geneva Convention.
Today, the name Musa Body sounds even louder than it did more than a decade ago.
Americans, including Obama couldn't risk lowering themselves into a woman President, at least not now.
This guy is testing us but he thinks we are stupid we asked for museveni academic credentials we did tell you to verify for us we will verify for our selves.
#Breakingnews: #Sejusa's lawyer call a press conference at Gen Tinyefunza Sejusa's home in Naguru at 12.
Ugandans speak out on what they want the President to focus on in his State of the Nation Address 2017.
Apollo Richard Kashif of frustrating his sh18.
Massa’S four goals in AFCON qualifiers was one of the major reasons why CAF shortlisted the striker.
As a chef, he sought to join the business of book making.
The Bishop of Kigezi Diocese, Eng.
Mabirizi continues to sting the Kabaka.
New vision is M7's paper so they write as they are told.
NEC and NC to consider decision today and tomorrow.
While our leaders are being arrested, teargassed and undressed, The New Vision is reporting twitter.
Whether u kweyelusa,ur still African.
Court documents indicate that Lubwama failed English, mathematics and commerce, but got a credit three in Christian religious education, a pass eight in history and geography.
Most people will be out of business, even paying for a space in a shop has been extremely expensive then how about owning the entire shop alone.
I have proposed marriage to her twice and she said yes.
The New Vision is with Musinguzi Julius.
They are fond of doing this and more are yet to be killed.
Bambi God bless her with all she desire to get and have you life .
Kenya has sent back about 150 trucks of maize to Uganda while Prof Barya insists MP Nabilah owes him millions.
Museveni’S remarks were contained in a speech read for him by the Prime Minister Dr Ruhakana Rugunda who represented him at the closing of the consultative budget conference for financial year 2016/17 at Serena hotel on Wednesday.
Fuel prices have shot up ahead of Christmas, the price of petrol has risen from sh3,190 to sh3,500 at some filling stations, while diesel went up from sh2,750 to as high as sh2,980.
Otherwise, Uganda stop copping foreign bad behaviours.
One day u will u go, if MBABAZI can go how about u?
Friday just got better with THE BEAT!
I set down against French opponent Brice Leverdez.
Uganda, Kenya, Rwanda & SouthSudan sign standard gauge rail way line agreement with China.
The remnants of the ADF rebels have committed another massacre in the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo.
Parliament has passed the five electoral reform bills, setting the stage for the general elections in February next year.
Speaking to New Vision, the father of the twins Misairi Okiror said Apio is more affected than her twin sister Adong.
The New Vision is with Jerusha K. Abarinda and 4 others.
Swimming in the 10-11 years category Namutebi emerged the best performer among the girls amassing 35 points to help the Dolphins finish top in the annual championship at the Kasarani pool.
Exim Bank Tanzania has acquired a 58.
Uci'S Dr. Jackson Orem accuses NMS of inflating prices of drugs to treat cancer patients.
The death of six lions in Queen Elizabeth National Park (QENP) is sending chills up the spines of nature lovers the world over.
Christians march through Muhorro town in Kagadi to mark Palm Sunday.
Even his days at ESO are not something to glory in due to the nepotism and westernisim that characterised the organisation.
R I P. mhuu they say water is life.
The PM's Likud party later said it managed the page and that it was investigating a "malfunction".
Dr. Atai Annae Omoruto part of a medical team that went to Liberia to offer expatriate services in June following the most deadly Ebola outbreak on record in the world that has so far claimed up to 8,004 people as of December 31 in six countries; Liberia, Guinea, Sierra Leone, Nigeria, the US and Mali, according to WHO.
Imagine a wedding with nothing but rich nature all around, saying your vows with chirping birds and the rushing water nearby.
The move will come as relief to many employees in organisations whose occupational retirement schemes have been subject to a 30% income tax.
The full story is in The New Vision today #EPAPER - https://vpg.
The Minister urged teacher educators to continuously mentor, support and help the teachers to identify the gaps and fill them within the adjusted time on the School Calendar.
Find out how a district Police commander was shot in an early morning operation.
You can access the entire New Vision content here http://epaper.
According to a press release update from the Ministry of Health, nine new cases were confirmed from 2677 samples tested on June 14.
Get the details in today's New Vision.
Good luck with Human Rights in Uganda guys.
The overall winner of the Best Farmers was Philip Kalera, the director of Gomba Next Generation Model Farm.
The Government will start giving accountability of funds and services via social media.
In a letter dated December 14, the NUP Presidential aspirant, Kyagulanyi insisted that the party does not breach the COVID-19 regulations.
He says he will get married when he is ready.
Vaccines are still not ready for testing in the field, and treatment trials are just in process.
The BEAT brings you all the fun guide and lifestyle stories to keep you entertained.
President Yoweri Museveni has expressed optimism that his new cabinet of ‘fishermen’ will deliver on his agenda to cause socio-economic transformation.
Did the whites compasate people they evicted?
“Comply by that date or close shop, comply by that date or face the full wrath of the law,” Bloomberg quotes Zhuwao, who is also President Robert Mugabe’s nephew.
It is on channel 44.
She z one of da ministers who shld b sucked out of parliament.
Today'S cartoon: A recent survey has revealed that Uganda now tops African countries with the most attractive environment.
Police have launched investigations into the death of two people, Badru Kakande a 15-year old and Henry Kamoga, 24, murdered Tuesday morning at Busabala a Kampala suburb.
The competition tested the students’ knowledge in key reproductive health topics such as gender equality, HIV/AIDS, gender-based violence, menstruation, family planning.
Over the last eight years, he has been a visual artist in Kenya, Rwanda and later in Uganda.
Buganda Road grade one magistrate, Simon Zirintuusa, issued the summons after Desh failed to appear in court to answer charges of obtaining money by false pretense.
The last distributor was dispatched at 8:32am with examinations supposed to begin at exactly 9:00am.
They started by arresting Villagers where Kawesi was killed, then they shifted to Arresting Moslems, now they are arresting themselves.
Dont miss Bukedde in the coming week!
God have mercy on kenyan pple.
Kayoola bus to be launched this morning by President Yoweri Museveni at the Kampala Serena International Conference Centre in Kampala.
Tumusiime: "We have not received any complaint from the petitioner about any missing DR form from the ones they inspected [at the Electoral Commission headquarters in Kampala]".
6b was lost in the GAVI scam.
Do u even ever ask yourselves where these many students end up ?
Mbale branch is next cos most shelves are empty.
She got the second least votes and that sent her packing alongside Tanzania’s Fess.
The only weakness Hernna Morgan has,is that people to whom we go smtimes;are bad,poor and jealousy.
Get your copy now!
The New Vision is with Elly UG and Kayz Breezy.
🚌🚐😡What frustrates you most about some of the people you sit next to in a taxi/bus?
A bridal car runs out of gas along Kampala road.
The Speaker wants loopholes that have made it possible for non-Ugandans living in areas near our borders to vote in elections closed.
The rape victim spent a gruelling 49 days in the witness box reliving the horror.
The victims were among migrants mainly from sub-Saharan Africa who had left the coast of Libya at the weekend in four small boats, the UN refugee agency said.
Only hours away .
The angry students on Monday morning stormed the headmaster’s office demanding that he vacates the school on claims that they are not taught and that he has failed to manage the school.
He served as president of the Belgian Olympic Committee from 1989-1992, and as president of the European Olympic Committees from 1989-2001.
For the second season running, Arsenal have failed to score in their opening two league games.
Then in your mercy, grant us a safe lodging and a holy rest, and peace at the last.
We men are readable books.
Beauty is nothing but the character!
"Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion.
After a few hours of clashes, the join forces of FARDC and UPDF killed these armed men’ – a source.
The New Vision is with Mutono Musa and 6 others.
That is why we need at least 15 million people vaccinated by January when schools open’ – Margaret Muhanga, State Minister for Primary Healthcare.
The fundraising drive will be the major focus of a convention to be held in Los Angeles California between May 23 and 27, 2013 as part of the ongoing corroborative effort towards restoration of Busoga’s glory through education, healthcare, and culture-preservation promotion.
we will raise one time and the whole world will be in somalia as job seakers kkkkk.
The New Vision added 13 new photos — with El-nest Kato.
The New Vision is with Sazuzi Inozuzix and Paul Bazaale.
Security personnel in Nakasongola District are baffled over an eyebrow-raising incident in which three men were arrested operating a drone in Nakitoma sub-county in Budyebo County.
Members of Parliament in Uganda recently proposed to have their allowances increased in the 2019/2020 financial year budget.
Don'T expect heaven 2 meet on Earth then u get impressed.
United have no concerns about the Portuguese’s temperament and have been hugely impressed already with Mourinho’s capacity to motivate in the same way that Ferguson did.
Unra’S executive director has expressed dissatisfaction with the planned return of the agency to the works ministry.
The man who dragged the Kabaka to court unveiled.
They have camped at Namboole national stadium where the buses are parked, vowing to continue with the strike until their grievances are addressed.
Is it Uhuru or Odinga?
there's no gd news coming from there but deaths only.
but me am not part of those enecephallic ugandans you will rule.
Should Namanve encroachers be evicted to pave way for construction of a modern Port?
The injured have been rushed to Entebbe hospital and the dead are yet to be identified.
The Sunday Vision is out and ready to be served with an awesome spice.
Govt earmarks sh65b for unemployed youth.
Should workers be allowed to borrow from their savings with NSSF before they clock retirement age?
Youtube enters music streaming with eye on casual fan.
The Police in Wakiso district have arrested a man over conning headteachers of money, under the pretence of being a schools' inspector.
Get the pullout in today's New Vision via bit.
In addition to that police also deployed three communication and surveillance vans and four buses as emergency detention centres.
Osama bin Laden 'had stoned fantasies about marrying Whitney Houston.
Why is KCCA executive director Jennifer Musisi unhappy with the lands ministry’s new digital national information system?
Kizza Besigye, seeking orders to be immediately and unconditionally released from his home detention by the police and other security organs.
#Spotthisplace This structure is very important in the history of Uganda.
🌙🙏🏿🕌 #JumaKareem: So verily, with the hardship, there is relief.
Crowds gather to watch as the organisers of bonfire celebrations -- known locally as Bonfire Societies -- parade through the streets during Bonfire Night on November 5, 2013, in the southern English town of Lewes.
#Toto; Learning with Fun: Get your free copy every Wednesday in The New Vision.
Ad: Prudential Uganda's #PruBestHRPractices survey is a human capital and talent management aimed at highlighting key opportunities as well as sharing best employment practices.
As Uganda thinks of stabilising the economy following the pandemic, Ali Twaha weighs the pros and cons of tax waivers in the recovery of the economy.
Mike Mukula, who is a retired flight captain himself, Fred Okuyo may well see his dream come true.
She has, however, been released on bond after police questioning.
Application fee $200 (with option of two schools).
The channels are also available on Set-top boxes that can be bought at various outlets as advertised by the UCC.
Works to renovate the City mortuary adjacent to Mulago National Referral Hospital have resumed.
now having led to root in the justice system he now blaming bail.
God will never forget u. So here is an opportunity "for those" who are searching for jobs, u never know yo life may change too if u are passionate and consistent.
Last December, fatal accidents rose to 283, the highest in the year, followed by September with 236.
What do you think of his style?
Long distance ace Moses Kipsiro showed he is fit again when he gave Uganda a first victory in the men’s Great South Run in Portsmouth with a time of 46:00.
Get your copy of the New Vision.
In a draft motion presented to the opposition shadow cabinet yesterday by the shadow minister for local government, Betty Nambooze, the MPs want government to phase out over 50 districts country wide saying they were not viable.
the concert is sponsored by TOTO Magazine of Newvision and National Forest Authority who gave out a fruit tree seedling to the children.
We shall be hosting the first Pakasa Forum on October 26th 2013 here in Kampala.
<P><Em>Kabale is notable for its refreshingly lush, terraced hills adorned with beautiful flora and fauna.
The police accuse Amuriat's driver of knocking a police patrol vehicle.
Judge Ian says the duo are entertaining with a chemestry but one has to improve.
"This program will boost our efforts of taking cricket to remote places in the country as well as creating awareness against HIV,”said Emmanuel Isaneez, the Cricket Without Boundaries ambassador.
Mp Kato Lubwama’s academic issues are not yet over.
Watch the dance off on Urban Television every day at 7pm.
The pizza featured yellow cherry tomatoes and buffalo mozzarella in a nod to the Vatican colors of yellow and white, along with crust lettering that spelled out “(Viva) il Papa” or “Long live the Pope,” NBC News reported.
You Shld hv asked the government, who owns guns.
Two bodaboda riders in Nwoya District are in custody for staging illegal roadblocks on claims that they are implementing Presidential directives on curfew.
Another TERM: The NRM parliamentary caucus has proposed that President Yoweri Museveni, who is also the NRM party chairman, stands unopposed for the party presidency in 2016.
Should ugandas UPDF try this ?
The 19-year-old woman, who cannot be identified for legal reasons, had been moved to the intensive care unit of the Apollo hospital in Gujarat state.
The MPs want some of their sessions to be conducted in member countries in a rotational basis.
Internal affairs minister Kirunda Kivejinja, Electoral Commission chairman Eng.
Uganda has been having only two Other Degree Awarding Institutions, which are not universities.
Idi Amin oyee,Obote Oyee.
He should really pay because even when you have guards you can be paying taxes for possessing them.
In the evening, he did not return home.
Acting Deputy Chief Justice Steven Kavuma has urged freshly appointed members of the Local Government Finance Commission to uphold the qualities the appointing authority saw in them.
Nepal 5 3 2 0 0 6 +0.
Get your free Pullout today!
A human resource manager has been charged with murder following a bar fight with a reveller in Guvnor Club, one of Kampala's night life areas.
"Human trafficking is always isolated crime," says SSP Rose Nalubega, who is representing the director of CIID.
Details in the New Vision 👉 #EPAPER: is.
Today she owns and runs Awaka Furniture, a high-end furniture store in Bugolobi.
When I read "Covid-19 takes toll on doctors" and see tractors along the headline, "gov't" is launching roads instead of giving out masks, protective gears to medics, importing in more ventilators, upgrading our hospitals, or increasing ICUs.
Can the Purple Sharks take advantage of this?
The New Vision added 19 new photos — with Marungi Justus and 3 others.
They will be back on Tuesday next week.
He has been received by an entourage of officials from Government and other bodies.
Liverpool will clinch a first league title in 30 years if they beat Everton on June 21 and Manchester City lose at home to Arsenal four days earlier.
Mr Kenyatta spoke on the phone yesterday with the US president, assuring him that the refugees’ return to Somalia would be done in an orderly and humane way.
We have a report exploring the links between WASH and SRHR and how lack of decent sanitation facilities and water points in safe locations restricts women’s mobility and increases their risk of sexual violence.
#Breakingnews: Adam Kalungi has been convicted for manslaughter on grounds that he was negligent and never took the late MP Nebanda to hospital in time.
Did you know that before 1945, there was no African representative in Parliament?
The New Vision is with Nakalanga Juma Requelme and 6 others.
The volume of telephone calls between Uganda and Rwanda has gone up by 800% since Kenya, Uganda and Rwanda harmonised tariffs in January 2015 according to Rwanda's minister of youth and ICT, Jean Philbert Nsengimana.
I saw her begging you publicly to settle your issue secretly so that the image of the parliament isn't tainted but you refused.
Can someone import this thing from Burkinafaso!
Cheap and tacky is under statement.
"We have received a security notification in form of an orange notice of four terrorists originating from Kazakhstan who are planning to travel to foreign countries in order to commit attacks and participate in hostile acts," Police spokesperson Judith Nabakooba said in a statement on Monday.
Mulimira said that after the incident, the driver jumped out of the vehicle and took off.
The pound was sitting at three-decade lows Monday morning as currency markets were left reeling from Britain's shock decision to leave the European Union.
God is watching them.
President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni has assured the European Union (EU) that peace in the entire East African region will prevail as member countries’ leadership continues to strengthen their working relationship.
offcourse Besigye and TDA.
The call comes in the wake of temporary closure of Parliament by Speaker Rebecca Kadaga when some chaotic MPs tried to take away the mace amidst the oil debate.
Try to set a side time on a regular basis to do something fun with your child.
That is a seating capacity of 49 passengers, and 41 others standing.
Read more details in #Intimate free inside the Saturday Vision- https://vpg.
Winning has never been so easy, just look #UndertheCrown and WIN!
Malian ministers and MPs who acquired govt limousines & four-wheel-drive cars under ousted president Ibrahim Boubacar Keita have been requested to return the vehicles by the new military rulers.
The New Vision is with Ebine Andrew Odongo and Bernard Olupot Ewalu.
The referendum failed to pass by a slim margin, with 51 percent voting against the amendment and 49 percent for, with 99.
All police political commissars have been taken for a refresher course at the Senior Command and Staff College in Bwebajja, Wakiso district.
The New Vision is with Vique Vee.
Kajjansi NRM leader flees over death threats.
Treason treason treason on who ever opposes him!
Oil-Rich Brunei will enforce sharia criminal law next year, the Islamic kingdom's sultan announced on Tuesday, with possible punishments including stoning to death for adultery and flogging for drinking alcohol.
The New Vision is with Gbehinyan Yetunde Grace and 2 others.
The leak comes months after Snapchat was warned of a major security hole.
He said elections will force political players to form alliances, which will in turn create unity and peace.
The New Vision is with Kiracho Charles and 5 others.
The main celebration is at Kololo.
I rejected a sh3b bribe to give away govt land — Nantaba https://vpg.
Get the full story in your copy of the New Vision.
Currently, there are 15 traditional institutions/leaders in the country against the 11 that were budgeted for this financial year.
Does this country belong to the generals?
Details coming up soon.
That was a truly African summit.
#Careertips: You might not have the exact experience listed on the job description, but if you can show how your unique skills would better suit the company, you have a better shot than someone who is a more technical match.
However, for 65-year-old Christine Nsubuga and her hubby Samuel Sekyembe, 67, that is just another scientific idea.
Mubiru died last week at mulago hospital after a tetanus infection following an attack by a drunk lady during a boat cruise.
Ladies, If your boy friend loves to embrace, kiss and cuddle in the privacy of your home, but won’t even hold your hand on the street, this is a major warning sign.
“Since all continuing students of Makerere University currently enrolled on the evening programmes will continue with their studies until successful completion,.
Do you have any money saving tip at home?
He said if issuing title deeds and resolving the age-old land problem in the country was tantamount to doing a clerical job, he was ready to continue doing it until the problem is solved permanently.
Help each other with chores and other necessary activities — cooking, cleaning, re-organizing, etc.
Women are four times more likely to suffer emotional and physical turmoil than men as a result of violence meted against them.
Obba were does she wrk?
The New Vision added 4 new photos — at Bulange Mengo ewa Kabaka.
But he said that there would be no opposition by end of 2021?
A South African hotelier said Monday he had picked up a piece of aircraft wreckage off the Mozambican coast in the latest possible find of debris from the missing MH370 flight.
Free access to this story 👉🏽 https://t.
Police has warned university girls against “detoothing” men, an act which, according to the law and order keepers, has caused murder of some of them.
Michael Ondoga, the former commander of the Uganda troops under the African Union Mission in Somalia (AMISOM), has lost his bid to have his trial conducted in the open court.
Arresting the oppositions and allowing the army to operate within them is what they know most.
"I was made a chief and given responsibility over land by the then colonial regimes and government, how does Bwanika come to possess a land title on this land without my knowledge".
My parent second to God .
#Humour: #OffTheWeb Tommorrow is Eid-El-Fritri.
What burning issues would you want the president to talk about?
Grab yourself a copy or subscribe to our epaper on .
Uganda and Nigeria must win a medal or risk going back home empty handed.
Eeeh, Emboli ne empande.
Please share with us.
Vipers SC director Haruna Kyobe insists that it was not in the best of interests to prematurely conclude the Uganda Premier League.
By buying shares you own a piece of the company.
Pm Mbabazi statement in FULL about Somalia and allegations about Congo.
I recently learnt that my daughter (first born) who is now in senior six started sleeping around with men.
Burial will be today in Kapchorwa, athletics president Domenic Otuchet revealed today.
President Yoweri Museveni has said Uganda will be importing thumbprint machines for use during the 2016 elections to identify voters and eliminate the stealing of votes and double voting.
Meanwhile, Police are reportedly battling demonstrators protesting the president's third term bid, with thousands fleeing to neighboring countries.
That can not happen.
There is absolutely no reason for Rwanda to close the borders.
The General Post Office Building along Kampala Road on Monday got chaotic as people in winding queues run out of patience with no service in sight.
At least four people have been confirmed dead in a Link Bus accident that occurred along the Fort Portal-Kasese highway on Friday in Kabarole district.
everyone demands for his intervention in their matter (I think even wedding meetings) .
I spent 100k 4 police bond in seeta P/Station 2 rescue my innocent bro.
Teachers have marched from the Uganda National Teachers Union (UNATU) headquarters in Kampala to the ministry of education to meet the education minister, Jessica Alupo.
#Sejusa gets born again.
one between breakfast and lunch and another between lunch and dinner.
The vehicle was presented to Kabaka by the Vice President Edward Ssekandi at Kabaka’s 60th birthday celebrations at Bulange Mengo.
Each of these lamps can take out one ton of Carbon per year.
• Being caught using a mobile phone while driving is more serious and can double your quote.
Mugisha Muntu, has assured supporters that the party will remain strong after the November 22 elections.
Luganda lost his mother on Monday but shortly after her burial, he was admitted to Mulago in a critical condition.
What is your say on this ?
Who was Susan Magara?
CCA has contracted Arch Design consultants to redesign the entire departure area that will enable traveling passengers and the general public using the facility be less inconvenienced by putting in place the right equipment.
They have the best data service.
We are one East African community with good conflict resolution strategies.
Details on Friday's New Vision and www.
Leave out the confirmed infected persons, Bill Gates told you the virus would kill approximately 30M people globally.
"The finger disappeared, leading a prosecutor to conclude it had been eaten".
Because they also have land.
He says he was supposed to be in Gayaza, but was later informed the President was going to use the same place.
The Kipsiros being introduced now.
🏉 All Blacks legend Dan Carter, a three-time world player of the year and double World Cup-winner, has retired.
By Joseph MaserukaTHE remains of the four Buganda kings buried in the burnt Kasubi tombs are intact, Katikkiro JB Walusimbi said yesterday.
You're caught" and "What the hell did I do?
The New Vision is with Dan Evidence Kagoro and 8 others.
It is 2-1 in that one with 20 minutes to go.
The New Vision is with Ivan Bunks Musisi.
Health minister Ruth Aceng was the first recipient of the AstraZeneca vaccine during Uganda’s vaccination drive launch.
The minister of agriculture,Frank Tumwebaze, has said going forward, CAOs and RDCs will bear full responsibility for stolen Foot and Mouth Disease (FMD) vaccines in addition to veterinary officers.
Do you think the Buy Uganda, Build Uganda (BUBU) campaign will increase local product sales & consumption?
England manager Roy Hodgson and captain Wayne Rooney have appealed directly to fans to "stay out of trouble" after repeated violence marred the start of Euro 2016.
Great use of space and can be installed into an existing infrastructure.
We pray that you watch over us and keep us safe at all times.
The New Vision is with Faith Ariana A and 4 others.
Flip the paper online - https://vpg.
"As a non-diplomatic passport holder, he cannot access the VIP lounge either, unless officials from protocol at Ministry of Foreign Affairs grant him special dispensation.
The parliamentary committee on education has summoned Makerere University Council to explain the 60% tuition fees policy.
•Police management is planning to install cameras at the reception counters of Police posts or stations to ramp up internal supervision.
we shall wait for you to come back home.
Obinna Onuoha commissioned the 8.
Uganda lost to hosts Kenya 6-4 6-7 on day one of the Davis Cup Africa Zone Group III Tennis Championships.
The greatest compliment you can give a partner (especially a long-term partner) is reminding them that not only do you love them, but you also like them.
For #EPAPER click - http://ow.
After spending the day with Flair for Her Magazine’s glamour team and The Face Studio in Bugolobi, Mrs. Kiprotich soon turned from ordinary rural farmer to a glamour queen.
Check out and Like Pakasa Vision page to win an opportunity for internship at Vision Group.
Narrowly Survived,we Can Stil "Viiba"we Goooo!
' - President @KagutaMuseveni.
Kenyan gap increases, but Kiprotich sticks to 3rd spot.
-What can the corporate leaders do to make this fight more effective?
But district leaders say the delay in dispatching the funds has left them with no option, but to execute last minute work.
Are you feeling like doing something this weekend – a weekend that features a bonus day in the form of a public holiday, thanks to Martyr’s Day on Monday?
This is at the invitation of Uganda Government, a statement from the COMESA Secretariat said.
Mps reject introduction of committe under EC.
Coz I expect government to have budgeted for that compensation.
Photo: Some Ugandans have arrived in Lome from Kampala for the #togovsugcranes.
Get a free copy in the New Vision for professional education advise-https://vpg.
When planting your tomato plants crush up (to powder) about 4 or 5 egg shells and put them in the bottom of the hole.
Kisanjja for good use of our money.
Police said Doreen Adikini 21 who hails from Tororo district was strangled.
President Yoweri Museveni thanked the Catholic Church for working with other faith without segregation.
Thousands send off Bishop Bamwoze, whom President Museveni has lauded for the impact and contribution to the country.
It is very astonishing!
Upon receipt of the results of the integrity checks, the Ad-hoc Electoral Committee will reconvene in order to review all of the submissions and validate their compliance with the applicable FIFA regulatory provisions.
Present at the talks were EU ambassadors for Netherlands, Germany, Norway, UNDP, Denmark, Britain, Canada and Sweden, Dr. Riek Machar, the chief mediator and members of the Cessation of Hostilities Monitoring Team.
He pleaded not guilty to the charges.
Saluwa Namukaaya, who goes to Bugeywa Primary school in Butansi sub county, Kamuli, got a brand new bicycle after winning the race.
“According to the records we have, it is not true that Mr. Museveni is only 70 years of age.
Life is about what you learn, who you are or can become, who you love and are loved by.
Ceo Cornwell Muleya describes it as "a momentous day, a very happy day for us to have reached this milestone".
How did it pass the Ugandan side?
Barya, as he is fondly referred to as, recently quit working at the 90-year-old institution after serving there for 17 years in various capacities.
#Hongkong protest numbers dwindle as talks make slow progress.
Happening at the Kyadondo Rugby grounds right about now.
Some people's priorities need realignment.
Free access to Issa Ssekatawa's story here.
Take my hand, precious Lord for I cannot make it by myself.
Please anyone selling a second hand chicken just inbox.
24 hits the jackpot.
The online poll, conducted from Monday to Friday, shows 46 percent of likely voters support Clinton while 34.
Kyagulanyi said last week that he wants composition of the Supreme Court changed, (three judges), saying have links with President Museveni.
#Relationshiptip: Never yell at one another unless the house is on fire.
The 6th edition of the Best Farmers competition was launched at the #HarvestMoneyExpo.
How did you expect to keep growing wings day n night.
The president of the republic of uganda 2016-2021/ besigy/.
#Ngoracity Corruption is the single most important factor that is ruining various sectors of the world economy, including sport.
Sloppy handwriting by doctors is responsible for over 7,000 deaths every year.
The piece, titled “The Banality of the Banality of Evil” (an homage to the writer/philosopher Hannah Arendt), features a Nazi soldier in full garb looking onto a serene mountain lake landscape.
The New Vision is with Kabuye Rashid and 18 others.
I thought Parties should have first elected their presidential flagbearers before contesting for general elections!
Why this coming at a time when political campaign is nearing?
The bus was traveling from Namasale in Lira district to Soroti when it fell into the ambush near Atirir trading centre, about 12 miles on the Soroti-Lira road.
"It's a great way to buy some patience and tolerance as each partner sets out each day to battle traffic jams, long lines, and other annoyances".
Pader district Local Government in northern Uganda has allocated 500 acres of land to the Uganda Investment Authority (UIA) for the establishment of an industrial park in Agora ranch, Pader Kilak Sub County.
This was the atmospheric mood at Stamford Bridge moments before kickoff as the teams emerged from the dugout.
You can go as far as your mind lets you".
Also, if you are afraid or uncomfortable, you are probably onto something awesome!
Giving a child responsibility is good for her self-esteem (and your sanity!
The festive season is underway, but the dilemma most of us are facing is whether our budgets will accommodate the prevailing price hikes of goods and services.
"Criticism is easier to take when you realize that the only people who aren't criticized are those who don't take risks".
He then repeated this stunt, only with the awful disease Beriberi.
While East Africans could not save her from eviction, which is understandable they had to save their own, at least everyone acknowledges Sitenda is a talented girl.
Nb: You might not be a beneficiary but know a relative or friend that has acquired their NSSF Benefits.
Local football governing body FUFA has finally cracked the whip and sacked Cranes coach Bobby Williamson, according to impeccable sources.
Don’t miss details of their recommendations, in today's paper.
Jet plunges as pilot takes a nap and aide busy with iPad.
To my point of view n wat i've lnt, in Islam we dnt celebrate birthdayz.
Men in Busoga have the highest multiple sexual partners compared to their counterparts in other regions, the survey has shown.
People we need to stop spreading hate , Tororo is for all of us and believe me not in each and every household in that place got either and itesot or jab in every home.
Those cleared include trade minister Amelia Kyambadde, Sembabule Woman MP Hanifa Kawooya, former Rubabaga Division chairperson Peter Ssematimba, Hajji Muyanja Mbabaali, Kasolo Robert, Mugisha Godfrey, Abalo Lillian Ongom, Chemtai Winfred, Oseku Richard, Waboya Vincent and Ayo Jacinta among others.
-Find out where these wives come from.
2% of the vote, defeating Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi's candidate in the two-person runoff.
Trust, love your fellow human being first.
Grab yourself a copy of today's New Vision for a free Toto magazine for the little ones.
Its not an easy time,” Besigye said in his five minutes message.
A female #Somali National Army soldier training at Jazeera Camp, as part of Amisom effort to boost capacity of #Somali force.
Saturday Vision has her story.
Where z emirates and fly dubai?
Hop there is no repeat of.
“That’S what kindness is.
Amnesty International protests UCC's restrictions on online platforms arguing it is an infringement on the freedom of expression.
One fellow commuter reported how Eclipse liked to watch out the window for her stop.
Its only God to judge whether one is wrong or innocent, so God's man you did your part thanks.
Museveni on Monday's drama in Arua: "Fortunately, my convoy did not react with fire in response to this attack.
This is according to Buganda Kingdom information minister Peter Mayiga.
Today, from teaching her two biological children in a single room at home in 1995, Kirabo owns three multi-billion shillings school complexes under Lungujja Progressive Nursery and Primary schools.
Free access to the story here 👉🏽.
The New Vision is with Tugume Brown and Mihlali Sobantu.
Pipo r crazy, i see likes on this wall.
Twenty years after arriving in Europeans' wallets, euro banknotes will get a new look with help from the public, a process officials hope will make citizens feel closer to the single currency.
So what are some of the indicators of labour exploitation?
If peace deal wll be done in s.sdn, they shd chase away 1 person who is gvg ths gvt idea of egocentric, egotism, nonentity and yet is senile whre he is coming.
Te management of Game Stores at Lugogo has sent a message over yesterday's incident in which a customer was injured.
“The mystery of human existence lies not in just staying alive, but in finding something to live for”.
Desperate situations call for desperate measures and Zambia seem to be towing similar lines if events in the last couple of days have been anything to go by.
I thank God for the gift of your life,And I PRAISE God for the way he created you as a man of honesty, principles ,a man of brains who loved his COUNTRY and made international decisions despite being never schooled by the so called perfectionist.
Atuleke naye,atuule akole ave mukatemba.
May I walk in your goodness, knowing your gentle hand will guide me, and keep me throughout this day.
Ugandan artist and social entreprenuer Collin Sekajugo has been named the recipient of the Human Rights Award, 2019.
Trump says new Air Force One too costly: 'Cancel order!
They say it takes a village to raise a child.
#Akabbinkano: Kiki ekiremezzaawo enguzi mu Uganda?
The International Criminal Court on Monday delivers its verdict against former Congolese vice president Jean-Pierre Bemba, blamed for a campaign of rapes and killings by his private army in the Central African Republic.
First, according to the recently released UN Inter-agency Group for Child Mortality Estimation report for 2015 (here after called the UN IGME 2015 report), Uganda is one of nine Sub-Saharan African countries to have achieved the Millennium Development Goal four (MDG 4) target, which is to reduce child mortality by two thirds by 2015.
Many questions remain unanswered about UWA and the tourism ministry’s move to okay the export of pangolin scales valued at sh11b.
Y the rush .
Where was it distributed?
Cpa equips an individual with technical and professional skills important to develop you into a competent and versatile Certified Public Accountants.
After her brush with forever, Nik is in no place to fall in love.
In a world that seems rather far away, Congolese musicians dominated the music scene.
I like the cartoon, check the writings on it.
Ethiopian Airlines said it will work with Boeing, the national civil aviation authority and international experts in trying to unravel what caused the brand new.
Opponent'S silencer as well as fans' liberator .
"Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.
To compete at the accelerated pace of technological innovations and the 4th Industrial Revolution, Africa has to put in more money into training its people and equipping them with the skills they need for the jobs of the future, Akinwumi Adesina, the President of the African Development Bank, has said.
In the statement released on Friday about the Buhweju Woman parliamentary by-elections that were held on Thursday, CCEDU said the last minute pull out might bear serious financial and logistical consequences on the respective electoral processes.
Foreign observers follow the race to determine who is best equipped to lead the US – and, to some extent, the world – toward a more stable, secure, and prosperous future.
"You don't have to be a fitness saint to get results.
Judge Jeannette Traverso said the prosecutors' arguments had "fallen far below" the level needed to secure a conviction, paving the way for Dewani to walk free without mounting a defence.
Please note that you can now download the newspaper right to your smart phone tablet or computer simply by following the prompts on this link https://vpg.
You can still grab a copy of the New Vision.
We have been fighting for four years now, since my dad died, and even more so for the last year, after my mom died.
The Paralympian star was allowed out of prison in the capital Pretoria a day early in an apparent attempt to avoid media coverage of his release.
Syrian rebels this week showed off a miniature drone that they claim to have brought down using frequency interference.
— Lionel Richie, Lifetime Achievement Award winner.
Special Security units begin 'final' assault on the terrorist inside Westgate Mall in Nairobi.
it transgresses against the naturality of death/against religious norms.
Oil prices surged Wednesday following the blockage of the Suez Canal, while stocks were mixed as governments struggle to contain the latest wave of the coronavirus.
A woman councilor in Wakiso has been rejected by councilors as the district vice chairperson over what they called wanting beauty.
As he walked out of the prisons gate, Sentongo told a New Vision journalist he was "very happy to regain my freedom”.
In fact ACCA is a popular and powerful facilitator for a career change.
The plan is to go to the Central African Republic and Uganda, these two, this year.
Minister Sam Engola representing the Speaker of parliament.
Join us as we celebrate the Teachers Making A Difference at the #TMADAwards on Monday 30th November 2020 live on Urban Television, Bukedde TV, TV West and The New Vision Facebook page.
Rpc Bogere said that Mugendawala’s information is incoherent and they have since sighted lies in what appears to have already caused tension in different communities.
#2021Recap: Several guests witnessed the arrival of the second Airbus at Entebbe International Airport.
Find the tales in Sunday Vision.
Even if others crawl, you'll still not catch up.
Cute Rapers And Defilers.
#Abettertomorrow starts with investing in the backbone of our economy.
It'S on again, the New Vision's Top 100 celebrities.
Museveni mourns Luwero veteran.
Students are being told to stay in their classrooms.
"Rtd Col Kizza Besigye is not under house arrest.
Who thinks he/she can undo the natural way and speed uganda is created to take?
Details in New Vision #EPAPER-https://vpg.
Can UPDF probe UPDF and you expect a clean findings?
Police have mounted a search for the mother who dumped her baby at Spirit Fire church in Biafra cell, Kamukuzi Division.
(Don’T APPLY IF YOU DON'T HAVE EDUCATIONAL CERTIFICATES AND INTERNATIONAL PASSPORT).
In the New Vision on Thursday, we bring to you the best and worst performing districts and municipalities.
Relationship TIP: Become an expert on your partner.
A former engineer with the Uganda National Roads Authority (UNRA) has been pinned over fraud in which the Authority lost over sh700m in payment for ghost roads construction under a project worth sh3.
After school, he worked as a cook, house help and even had to sleep in church pews because he had nowhere to stay because his uncle had kicked him out.
Katumba Wamala has said bus companies must write to the ministry justifying the new travel prices before implementation.
the cry 2as loud in the sky if similar efforts were invested perpetrators wous hv been brought to book.
Don'T let anything or anyone stop you from achieving your goals - even if it's one of the best goalkeepers on the planet!
Whenever I think about that vaccine my heart skips .
Animal farm in implementation!
•The conference will provide a platform for Uganda to be known across the globe as a peaceful and beautiful country.
The visitor was from wakanda.
David Sejusa alias Tinyefuza at the General Court Martial (GCM).
The joint statement dated October 29, 2015 states the parties agreed in principle to field a single candidate, set up an election protection mechanism and create the position of executive prime minister, among others.
A commuter train has crashed into a rail station in the city of Hoboken, in the US state of New Jersey.
The environmental protection agency should be given the resources and power to close businesses and this should be done without political favouritism.
Com OR WhatsAPP on +2348146867873 and get your healing today.
He had just come on about 12 minutes ago, and now Benson Muhindo has put #Villa in front with a fierce header from an Ibrahim Kibumba corner delivery.
For uganda to move forth, the public must cooperate w/ gvts.
Please #Kanyamunyus, kindly give blood samples to court!
What do we instead see?
An interesting conversation is obviously going down.
No need to lament.
Lose like they had been as far as this season is concern.
What is NRM’s strategy to snatch Kampala from the opposition in 2021 polls?
Sex and Zika: Risk of virus spread?
"I will try to help Dr Milton Obote to get back his old job as a clerk when he returns".
Lubaga South MP John Ken Lukyamuzi was discharged Sunday from Lubaga hospital where he had been bedridden for three days, undergoing medical treatment.
Reading for 30 minutes cuts the time it takes to fall asleep in half.
In NEW VISION on Friday!
The Electoral Commission has rejected nomination signatures from 62 districts presented by Kizza Besigye of the Forum for Democratic Change (FDC).
Ey didn't do their work.
Civil servants working in the oil sector will be prohibited from revealing details about the sector for some time after retirement or termination of their employment.
He is being detained at the Special Investigations Unit in Kireka.
Current estimates put the population of Uganda at around 40 million people, up from around 24 million 10 years ago.
Be blessed and always seek his guidance .
Uganda Cranes oyee .
I expect media to raise hope and let pple know what to do than creating and instilling fear factor.
The New Vision is with Àlèxandèr Òchièng.
“I have said it before that I cannot stand for president when Mr. Museveni is the sitting head of state because he is a dictator," Besigye told the press.
No worries, more crowds, more people disappointed when you don't give a sensible message, small crowds may mean diehards who will go and convince others about you so it's not over till it's over!
 Avoid classes in gyms and fitness centers.
The Police have said they are yet to establish who was behind the shooting of a People Power supporter, Daniel Kyeyune.
Education and Sports Minister, Jessica Alupo, has directed Uganda National Examinations Board (UNEB) to forward names of cheating schools to her office for action.
More in New Vison #EPAPER- https://vpg.
In her autobiography, My Life, the legendary American dancer Isadora Duncan wrote, "The finest inheritance you can give to a child is to allow it to make its own way, completely on its own feet".
You could also look like this; we have various exhibitors with the best outfits for your function.
Pastor Robert Kayanja has prayed for wealth to all Ugandans in the forthcoming year.
Would you donate your dead body to a university?
United boss Solskjaer has decided to take the back seat and let first-team coach Mike Phelan use his vast experience to command proceedings on the touchline.
Getting over an EX is one of the greatest dilemmas of love; it’s neither easy nor quick.
Negotiating to create NYAMURENGE RWANDA REPUBLIC.
Done becomes zero or even negative.
백성들이 폭군을 만나면 다툼과 전쟁으로 일삼고 성군을 만나면 태평성대를 누리는 것이다.
Leave #museveni and his government alone!
can you take a leaf?
They want and deserve explanations as much as adults do.
It takes rare nerves to endure what athlete Fred Musobo has had to bear with.
The New Vision is with Rashidah Salim.
“Ask not what you can do for your country.
Ugandans give their reactions to Col.
41,296 female candidates were registered in 2018 as compared to 41,932 female candidates who were registered in 2017; a decline of 41.
The New Vision is with Edith N Twongirwe.
The package, unveiled by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at the opening of the Tokyo International Conference on African Development (TICAD), includes $14 billion official development aid and $6.
Eac asked to scrap student visa permits https://vpg.
Ad: Prudential Uganda is celebrating employers that are championing best employment practices in Uganda and offering the opportunity for them to share tips with other employers.
Get the pictures, the profile of the couple and many more in Sunday Vision.
The team, made up of scientists at Cambridge University, Southampton University, and the University of Rome, studied the brains of teenagers and men from young offender institutions and pupil referral units.
These were the tales that stereotyped step mothers, but is it possible that co-wives can harmoniously co exist?
Every body enjoys our dance irrespective of culture and origin.
“As we celebrate our Jubilee we needed a song that draws from all the tribes in Uganda, that unites us and makes us more patriotic, and Yoga Yoga certainly does so" Minister Henry Banyenzaki said.
I had no doubt about winning.
What precedent would such an action set for the relationship?
Virtually all the shops in the mall were looted except the Bata shoe shop.
Manchester United tied down defender Victor Lindelof to a new five-year deal on Wednesday.
Get the details in Sunday Vision.
As the #COVID19😷 pandemic continues rocking Ugandan #football, local clubs are bracing for even worse times.
Rema and Kenzo, what went wrong?
Row over State House land deepens.
Next time you get a call while on the steering wheel, you will have to think twice whether you need to pick it or save your sh100,000 and more.
Fallen Toroma County MP buried.
Good citizens are doing business and besigye and lukwago planning to make Ugandans suffer and run in to hidding lo ,but don't back the two birds people let them leave people in peace not in pieces.
Joseph Eciru, has banned baptism of children whose parents have not married in the church.
The female twins were born on May 3, at Ngora private hospital.
How kan sam one determin to cancel samone's hardly earned tution.
His treatment at the hands of so-called gentlemen from New York’s Bronx Zoo and the 1904 World’s Fair in St. Louis, Missouri came in the height of the eugenics movement, forty years after the end of (legal) slavery in America.
IGG spokesperson Munira Ali however, declined to divulge the identities of the officials involved for fear of jeopardising investigations.
"France is doing everything it can to help," the presidency said in a statement, adding that security would be tightened for expatriates voting in London Sunday in the upcoming French parliamentary election.
She's now a minister.
This is what Juliana Adyeri Omalla exemplifies and therein lies the lesson for us.
Read the full press realease;http://bit.
“It’S very unreasonable,” he told the BBC.
It says too often female figures are represented in textbooks as "nurturing drudges" in domestic roles.
The deputy Chief Fire Officer, Hassan Kihande, said the bodies were found after police put out the fire.
Parliament Speaker, Rebecca Kadaga, on Monday evening hosted the Speakers to a dinner.
The 78-year-old was rushed to a Lilongwe hospital on Thursday after collapsing but was dead on arrival, the sources said.
Humble to her queen.
U'Ll feel the pinch of jeniffer,u were sayn lukwago the lord mayor is stubborn,have u seen she doesnt care even when Gen.
Uganda is for us all.
Scott Kelly's pioneering year of living at the International Space Station is coming to an end today when the American astronaut gets inside a Russian Soyuz spacecraft and heads back to Earth.
Every day new horrible things happen to this family.
Man City held at the break after Sterling's goal was canceled by Willems' equaliser.
Faruku Miya has been named Uganda's best footballer of 2015.
In a rather bold move, Betty Kamya, the president of opposition party Uganda Federal Alliance, has said she is ready to serve in President Yoweri Museveni’s cabinet if appointed as Vice President.
A number of officers have been transferred to the CID headquarters pending investigations.
Pope John Paul II had a close relationship with a married woman which lasted over 30 years, according to letters which feature in a documentary being shown by the BBC on Monday.
Telecom companies are shifting focus to mobile-to-bank account services, ensuring that customers transfer money to and from their bank accounts to their mobile phones.
So there is truth to that story in independent magazine about hackers trying to steal millions of DOLLARS from Bank of Uganda's systems?
She’s asking for forgiveness but I don’t know if I can trust her again.
Only thing I want to hear about.
Kabaka of Buganda Ronald Muwenda Mutebi's second son Richard Ssemakookiro, and his fifth child in total.
instead of saying he has proved that women are good leaders.
Until we vote responsible leaders.
He was being escorted by Yahya Ntuma.
Dnt u dare live yo job .
A businessman, Lobur Apailem,29, has been shot dead by armed Karimojong warriors in Nangorit village, Naitakwae parish in Moroto district.
Are those hands-free tech tools aimed at helping motorists keep their eyes on the road a safety hazard?
🛵🚌🚲 #Uganda🇺🇬 is one of four African nations involved in a two-year-long research project aimed at making transport safer, greener, more affordable, accessible and inclusive.
Smoke rising outside the main gate of #Mogadishu airport after a car explosion.
The sole focus of the ALC was to.
“For example, today you are going to eat breakfast, fit in a workout, and drink more water,” he says.
Watch the full interview: https://youtu.
Kampala - The Uganda shilling strengthened on Friday due to dollar inflows from commodity exporters, charities and sell-offs by offshore investors betting on a weaker greenbuck.
The prisons population has swollen to 34,940 prisoners by December 2012 from 32,307 in 2011, according to the report of the Uganda Human Rights Commission (UHRC) 2012 recently released.
Russian President Vladimir Putin says ‘Brexit’ is the choice made by the British nation and is a comprehensible one, as “no one wants to feed weak economies”.
Police on Thursday morning deployed at Dr. Kizza Besigye's home in Kasangati, Wakiso district.
Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy".
In the New Vision Today.
If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress.
"I wouldn't do that.
On arrival at the shores of Africa’s deepest water body, Lake Bunyonyi, one cannot help being awed by the rising hills hugging the sky from a distance.
President Yoweri Museveni has supported the push by Speaker Rebecca Kadaga to increase government funding to the tune of sh280b in critical programmes, meant to lift vulnerable women and youth out of the clutches of poverty.
Getting a combination of 10 to 15 grams of protein and 20 to 30 grams of carbohydrates within 30 minutes of your workout will help to refuel your body, promote muscle recovery, amp up your energy, and build a leaner physique.
Mukalele, who started what you now call rumor mongering, was it not your m7?
The New Vision is in Fort Portal.
#Ugandadecides #SevoTrail MUSVENI: I had debts in West Nile but I have paid them.
Candy Stallings, the nonprofit's executive director, said the burglars had shimmied between floor boards and walls to get past the building's high security system.
The New Vision is with Mugerwa Ang Ella and 5 others.
May He shield you under His protective mantle from all harm.
Govn should take immediate actions on these bloody hospital managements.
Get the full article in Sunday Vision.
Was she dismissed without our consent?
They have no training kit, no clothes at all.
-I have never been to China but it has changed my life: Read the full story on this, in today's paper.
Concerned people should do something.
2 years in 2020, and by more than four years in parts of the country hit hard by the pandemic, official statistics showed Monday.
The development is good news to many people especially low income earners who have been complaining about the delay to allow the company resume operations.
Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat.
The man is called H.E JULIUS MOTO, WOD LANGO.
The New Vision is with Phillyndah Wildblingbling.
But when it comes to decision making they r nt simple pipo .
Zambia UPDATE: Zambia's current VICE President is Dr. Guy Scott.
Troops loyal to President Salva Kiir and renegade soldiers who support his former vice president Riek Machar have been battling since mid-December.
I think that this will be towards the end of the year, because of the weather, no?
My younger bulaza has convinced my family that its wiser to watch m7 instead of ziyech and kante.
VER VIDEO COMPLETO AQUI.
Government will not implement a 100% pay rise for Makerere staff across the board in the next financial year.
Patience Abo who hails from Ntungamo was recently recorded in a video speaking in Luganda and Runyankore with swollen legs and an emaciated body.
Good, dont jst stop there spread across the country.
Lately, govt, real estate dealers & banks have held workshops about land.
A conspiracy of all government agencies (fraudsters) against Ugandans.
The company constructing the pipeline preferred to route it via Tanzania citing insecurity in Kenya, where there are regular attacks by the Islamist group al-Shabab.
The New Vision added 5 new photos — with Alejandro Raphael Reigns Ssentongo and 4 others.
he left me studying until i completed ma campus in 2012.
The New Vision is with Rukwinyi Gerald.
That'S bad, he would have got a second woman to try a boy instead of dumping her.
Worry not, for the Soroti Municipality MP Mike Mukula has made it clear that he has returned with a spirit of forgiving.
Here are tips from Stephen Kiprotich.
"You have brains in your head.
I am not against Kagame as a person.
Grab yourself a free copy of Swagg for more information in Saturday Vision-https://vpg.
Yuasa Motors management has been ordered to produce, with in 2 days, the two missing Pakistani men, who are part of the gang accused of locking up a 23 year old woman; Mbabazi and repeatedly raped her for over three months while tied.
) will see you out in public.
Some of the ways to be safe and reduce the risk of CoronaVirus infection.
He went quiet until six months ago when he started calling me saying he would rather die than continue living without me.
Us President Barack Obama's gathered with members of his extended family in Nairobi Friday, kicking off a two day visit to his father's native Kenya.
When the Uganda shilling appreciates, as it is bound to when we start oil and other minerals minning, the size of the GDP will rapidly grow,” the President said.
38-Year-Old James Behangana, a man who is accused of masquerading as a State House Anti-Corruption Unit investigator has been charged before the Anti- Corruption Court in Kampala.
The Army has asked the Intelligence Services Coordinator, Gen.
It very obvious that someone put pressure on her to retract her initial order.
#Chelsea and #Everton are level at 0-0 at half-time after a very quiet opening 45 minutes.
The rebels also used grass picked from the near-by huts to set ablaze a Mercedes Benz bus.
4585 deaths worldwide from coronavirus.
If you are not sure that your university and course are accredited, check in the University Guide this Friday.
What did you think of her performance?
Penlope Nankunda handed over cash contributed by the New Vision staff to donate to the Kayunga disadvantaged twins.
Why are they inaccurate?
Mwe you liars, which sensible govt launches a National Development plan at a foreigner's residence?
How about microphones and generators?
It'S ThrowBack Thursday and we are grooving to Timeless, Classic, Kikadde music.
In PAKASA: Former minister Rose Mariam Najjemba Mbabaali retired from politics.
"We want the people of Uganda to be free.
Venansius Baryamureeba has appealed to Makerere University’s Senate and Council to quash the voting process which saw him drop out of the race to become the next Vice Chancellor, arguing that it was marred with irregularities.
🔹2 cases are among truck drivers while the other 2 are contacts to previously confirmed truck drivers.
The New Vision is with Tonny Henry Erac.
While most of her age mates were out partying in the night clubs, she had to learn to fend for her family early.
These pump station are cheats why do you display different prices on board and sell using different prices on the pump?
Ddumba Ssentamu has been appointed the new Makerere University Vice Chancellor to replace Prof.
But even worse, chances are that the family will be thrown out of the place they call home because they are squatters.
- Vision Group gives shareholders sh1.
Relationship tip: Don’t forget to say “I Like You”.
We have Dr. Karusa Kiragu from UNAIDS Uganda.
Kabaka, however, has appealed to Muslims to heed the doctors and government directives against COVID-19, saying it is the only way to overcome it.
Climate change mitigation is a collective responsibility.
These kind of messages pop up in-between friend’s party photos on Facebook.
Domestic Funding Vs International Grants required flexiblle Accountability!
He advised the recipients to maintain the tractors well so as to ensure sustainability.
Running with music is a great way to get in a groove (just make sure it's not blasting too loudly, or you won't hear those cars!
Double gold champion Stephen #Kiprotich is set to return with the rest of the team from the just concluded #IAAF World Championships.
If you are not accountable why do you have to bother your self so much,do what is on your desk and leave the rest for others and when it becomes terrible then just quit.
Find out in the New Vision, Wednesday!
Park yard traders demonstrate over minister Beti Kamya's directive to vacate.
The last 12 months also saw Al Ahly of Egypt complete their haul of continental trophies with its first victory in Africa's second-tier international competition, the Confederation Cup.
Kale i born here.
- What needs to be done to keep the wheels of organizations moving?
It was not immediately known if there were any casualties.
If anyone acknowledges that Jesus is the Son of God, God lives in him and he in God.
Let me know either via facebook, or by emailing olympics.
We are fighting about everything, from who uses the laptop charger first, what to have for lunch, who is giving the children work to which channel we should watch.
Finding a reliable broker is not difficult since there is a great many of them on the market.
Fifa presidential contender Prince Ali bin al Hussein on Thursday formally registered his candidacy for the election to replace Sepp Blatter at the head of world football's scandal rocked governing body.
The New Vision is with Rashid Yusuf Isingoma and 5 others.
Former Uganda President Idi Amin Dada passed away at King Faisal Specialist Hospital in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.
The trafficking of girls in Napak is rampant during dry spells and festive sessions.
The New Vision is with Twekambe Mulox Berunga and 6 others.
Emmanuel Kagina, the Makerere University student who jumped to his death from the 5th floor of a girl’s hall of residence earlier this week left a note to his father, it has emerged.
Uganda National Roads Authority enforcement team assists road side vendors to vacate.
Allan Toniks is still here.
Full episode for March 11, 2021 here 👉🏾.
Find out the measures NEMA is taking to rescue these wetlands.
Indian Students of Saint Joseph Degree college participate in an anti-rape protesi in Hyderabad on September 13,2013.
The National Resistance Movement party has called a 8-day retreat for newly elected leaders at kyakwanzi for an orientation.
Get the answers in today's New Vision.
An orientation of Police and state attorneys on the Prevention of Trafficking in Persons Act (2009), child trafficking and unsafe migration investigation, child protection and child rights approaches.
Returning the money to Parliament accounts department on Monday, Kampala Central MP Muhammad Nsereko (NRM) and Busongora County (FDC) William Nzoghu termed it ‘evil money’.
The New Vision is with Ochan Jimjuuko and Ata Yebwa.
It is perhaps, no longer news that Leah Kalanguka, the current Miss Uganda, also, the lady who is representing Uganda at the Miss world is faring well on the international level and has thus, disproved many of the self-proclaimed beauty judges that peddled the verbal atrocity that she wasn’t beautiful enough to represent Uganda at the international level.
He added that Snowden had not asked for political asylum.
The archeological crypt of Notre-Dame reopens on Wednesday with an exhibition retracing the cathedral's turbulent history nearly 18 months after it was ravaged by fire.
All VEHICLES ENGINES ARE IN GOOD CONDITION.
Liverpool, who had Daniel Sturridge back in the team for the first time since April, controlled the first half without looking completely convincing in front of goal.
many children got hands on skills from the TOTO Magazine tent like painting,making jewelry ,reading stories being guided Aunt Jovita.
@Ssebina keita why uganda is what it is coz of baganda?
Allow the boy get to his feet.
Court officials in Mwanza, northwest Tanzania, said the victim had her legs and right hand hacked off with an axe and machete after being attacked while eating dinner in her village.
Find the stories in today's "Harvest Money".
” - Pastor Elly in LONDON exactly a week ago.
Major highlights in Gideon Tinyinondi's life.
"A lot should have been done in the seventies" but with us under occupation.
The award recognises an exemplary contribution of an editor to her newsroom and under her leadership, the contribution of her newspaper to society.
Today, he is one of the richest men in Mpigi district.
Premier League leaders Manchester City continue to impress under Pep Guardiola, but Jose Mourinho has problems at Manchester United after a third consecutive defeat in all competitions.
Robbers who disguised themselves as taxi operators earlier this week robbed a New Vision journalist of his laptop worth sh2.
The New Vision is at CORSU Rehabilitation Centre Kisubi.
Yes mayweather won de game,by thant points.
Retired archbishop and anti-apartheid icon Desmond Tutu was Wednesday discharged from hospital in South Africa after three weeks of treatment for a "recurring infection", his family said.
As heavy rains continue pounding different parts of the country, residents of Butaleja district have not been spared.
He was accused by Senior State Attorney, Samantha Mwesigye, of sexually harassing her for a period of 10 years that they have both worked at the justice and constitutional affairs ministry.
Uganda’S presidential hopefuls Amama Mbabazi and Kiiza Besigye have in principle agreed to field a single candidate.
Opposition is a necessary evil.
As ever, this week’s Toto issue is an interesting read.
⛳️🏌🏽‍♂️Deo Akope & Willy Kitata are looking to better times after their Karen outing in 🇰🇪Kenya.
Your Grace please preach the Gospel,don't be after money.
Confirmed: Uganda Police confirms the death of Commissioner of Police, Alalo Christine, as the Ugandan who passed on in the Ethiopian plane crash.
🇳🇬Nigerian Wilfred Ndidi is facing off against 🇹🇿Tanzanian Mbwana Samatta.
Now a common procedure, in its infancy not much was known about it.
#Entertainment: Adidja Azim Palmer better known as Vybz Kartel; a Jamaican dancehall artist, songwriter and businessman has been found guilty of murder.
100% True by the books, but by destiny it gat no truth.
Universities run to Parliament over VAT.
Here is one mother's story 👉🏽.
We are here to liberate those who need wealth, riches, prosperity, success, fame in all ramifications, without involved in use of any human parts, deadly personal death or your loved ones.
Not a savings program.
Around Uganda: Rwanda closes border; What next?
Komuntale u are highly welcome back home.
President Museveni arrives at the Namugongo Basilica.
The Golden Card programme is open to investors and exceptional talents such as doctors, engineers, scientists and artists, said UAE Prime Minister Sheikh Mohammed.
"She passed on this morning [Sunday] after battling with the ailment for the past six months,” said John Paul Kiffasi, IGF’s executive director.
( DO NOT APPLY IF YOU DON'T HAVE EDUCATIONAL CERTIFICATES AND INTERNATIONAL PASSPORT).
Says one should change once in a while and notes that NRM has blue, green and red among its colors.
Fighting for the dead's wealth as usual.
Halftime: Netherlands 0-0 Argentina.
Another woman murdered in Entebbe, bringing the death toll to 22.
Are you a pensioner?
She is being held at Kayunga Police Station.
She shd be examplarery and we follow?
Museyi aze late ate pola nga bawagize ba Bob wine abamuvuma nga bebase.
‘And that is where the NRM differed with other groups such as UPC, DP and Kabaka-Yekka because they were based on identity of religion and tribe but not common needs of the people’ – President Yoweri Museveni.
Biased NRM paper, fake reports.
There are times though we wish we could look at each other and appreciate what we have done for ourselves.
The Presidents Nimeiry and Idi Amin of Uganda made pledges with a strong emphasis on African unity.
No because when fired, they would go back home.
After three cancelled introductions,a wedding at last.
To make it worse, I do not know where he works.
I have been asked to repeat classes unnecessarily all the way from O-Level.
Army RECOVERS GUN LINKED TO KAWEESI KILLERS .
Are you on the road, what is the situation where you are?
Hanumanthappa Koppad and nine colleagues were buried alive after a mass of snow collapsed on their post on the Siachen Glacier, which India and Pakistan have fought over intermittently for three decades.
at least he does not steal millions of funds .
Mike Kisame has been posted to Khartoum as the defense attaché, Lt.
URA are leading Busoga.
According to the the summons issued by the presiding magistrate Araali Muhiirwa, Otunnu is expected to appear before court on June 11 for plea for allegedly defaming President Museveni and also ignoring police and court summons over the matter.
Let me pray my God but not pope.
No, he is not.
The 24-year-old spent her days caring for her two young children and working as a peasant farmer.
Wonderful Father, full of mercy and grace, we give you praise for counting us worthy to witness another day on this earth.
Netanyahu'S Likud party wins Israeli elections.
With almost all results declared for the 650-seat parliament, Johnson's Conservative party had secured 362 seats -- its biggest majority since the heyday of Margaret.
what has he done?
The New Vision is with Salongo Matovu Kalooli.
The New Vision is with Nalubwama Christine.
The New Vision is with Giovanni Doncas Shakur and 2 others.
Muslim Journalists have received EID packages from Joseph Wajjala, CEO, One Million Dollar Party, based in Denmark.
Inspector General of Police, Kale Kayihura lays a wreath on the casket containing the body of the late AIGP Andrew Felix Kaweesi.
The porn mags would be at the top most branches.
Find his story in today's Pakasa, only in The New Vision.
The Police in Butambala district have arrested a man suspected of stealing motorbikes and selling them in Kampala.
The #MTNMarathon2014 is the most amazing event of the year.
So they've got some extra kidneys or is it that they have very healthy kidneys that 2 is like some kind of extravagance.
Suspect confesses to killing Assistant Inspector General of Police Felix Kaweesi.
In THE BEAT: MEET THE PEOPLE BEHIND UGANDA'S FIRST DISNEY MOVIE "QUEEN OF KATWE".
Govt procures 10 ambulances for Pope’s visit.
in brif, d issue dat arose was about threat 2 cut aid 2 ug if ug declines 2 embrace homo-, also why america z overstepn on roles of d UN.
She passed away this morning at Nsambya Hospital.
Do you know a local destination or place worth visiting during the festive season?
Usa WARNS UGANDA OVER NORTH KOREA.
Information minister Muhwezi says to review licenses issued to media houses which deny Government air time".
The Government is planning to issue a travel advisory to Ugandans who have plans of going to Rwanda following the ongoing stand-off between the two countries.
They were handed over to police.
In only four years?
While education is important, schools must remain safe to limit the risk of COVID-19 among children and their families when they reopen.
May they see your light in me.
I repeat social media is like life in the movies.
Construct railway which equates with our century not of these of 1900 which Jenifer Musisi has just.
The tombs caught fire on March 16, 2010.
President Museveni in Nairobi for Great Lakes conference.
They also include rabies vaccines and family planning drugs.
President Yoweri Museveni has warned individuals against intimidating their opponents ahead of the forthcoming general elections 2021.
President Uhuru Kenyatta and his Deputy William Ruto will be naming an 18-member Cabinet down from 44 portfolios which include two separate ministries under their two Executive offices.
Micho Sredejovic’s reign began with a 3-0 defeat at the hands of Libya in Tripoli.
Our columnist, Chris Harrison, gives you tips 👉👉👉.
Sadio Mane with an early go at the hosts.
A peek into the cockpit and interior of Uganda Airlines' brand new Airbus A330neo.
He was rescued by police officers.
I give him kisses.
New Vision Editors (from left) John Kakande, Milton Olupot, Jimmy Adriko, and Hellen Mukibi joined by interns from Uganda Christian University in cutting a cake the interns gave New Vision in appreciation for guiding them during their internship.
After weeks of battling within the family of the late Bob Kasango over his final resting place, it all came down to what court would decide.
Energy minister Irene Muloni told journalists in Kampala on Friday that Uganda’s pump prices are not higher than those in the region.
He runs Pan Dental Surgery, arguably Uganda’s biggest private dental practice.
More than 1,800 dried chameleons on their way to Asia have been seized in Burkina Faso, officials said.
The single mother of four worries that she might never be able to walk again Carol Natukunda reports - See more at: .
That doesn't mean you have to take the "you're so right" route all the time.
We want the 90% marginalised people to reclaim our power.
Today there are nothings like miracles!
The Government of the United States of America has decorated six UPDF Generals in recognition of their exceptionally good contribution in the fight against terrorism and pacification efforts in Somalia.
If from china !
’ He added mischievously: ‘I tell my confessor about these things.
A hoe will never deceive they get some thing to eat in this dry season thank u mothers for working hard.
December 15, 2013 will forever be remembered by the people of South Sudan as a dark day in their history.
may be a got it wrong, then be clear with this.
The four are said to have consumed the gin from one of the bars in Bukoto, a Kampala suburb.
Religion IS NOW BEING INFLUENCED BY DICTATORSHIP.
The Uganda Peoples Congress (UPC) party, one of the five political parties that form the Inter-Party Cooperation (IPC), has opted out of the coalition over what it called irreconcilable reasons:http://bit.
New vision, close your media house if you can't fight sensible news.
Kale Kayihura has urged marine police officers to intensify the hunt for criminals and prevent illegal fishing on Lake Victoria.
First Lady Janet Museveni arrived at Vision Group headquarters in Kampala to launch the Golden Jubilee book.
Have you met the white Egret?
#UCE2013 Get an E-copy here http://epaper.
Covid-19: Youth aged 20 to 29 at high risk as Uganda has records 2,600 cases in just 30 days!
Ug soon will turn into communism.
# Museveni tribute to Njuba.
40 minutes of play.
Parenting Advise: Regulate your own emotions.
But when a roadside carpenter made shoddy work for a British friend of hers, she decided to try it out herself.
They include Joint Anti-terrorism task force (JATT), Police traffic, CIID, Internal Security Organization and the Army.
It is simply far too easy for the French.
Do not miss out.
A Ugandan student Ethan Charles Mufuma, from Namilyango Junior Boys School, has been selected as this year’s Junior Winner of the Queen’s Commonwealth Essay Competition (QCEC).
In a saucepan, mix together sugar and cornstarch.
This is just an excuse to earn per diem and kick backs.
I am returning on May 20 to Lubumbashi to be with my people, to console families that have been mistreated.
The last polar bear in Africa died Wednesday after months of grieving his longtime companion at a zoo in Johannesburg, a far cry from his Arctic habitat.
Oh dear, guys let's trust our children in our absence to our blood relatives, even if they do harm to our children, atleaast not so deep especially our parents, it doesn't matter where they stay, it can be in the village but peaceful blood is thicker.
2% in the current financial year.
I feel like instead of going forward in our relationship this is going ten steps back?
Obama convenes high-level meeting to discuss plans for possible military action; release of intelligence report to follow.
On average, children aged eight to 11 spent 3.
We need more occasions like these to celebrate our true oneness.
Do you think there is any hope for an English club taking the Trophy this time round?
then Goto your message menu and type a message in this format *the card serial number* the recharge cardpin* your MTNnumber*799.
Food and food products, electrical and electronics including solar equipment, chemical products including cosmetics, toys and mosquito nets have been chosen as the first imports to be inspected in their countries of export.
You haven't paid him.
Whatever you did today was the way it was meant to be.
Find the full story of a kidnapped city lawyer and how he ended up in the hospital in today's Paper - https://vpg.
As schools heed to Museveni's directive of closing schools, beware of traffic jam.
South Africa's double Olympic 800m champion Caster Semenya cannot compete until she accepts to be treated with hormone-suppressing drugs, the Swiss supreme court has confirmed.
The present Kasese district has never been a kingdom, Kajabago-ka-Rusoke, a Kyankwanzi lecturer says Busongora is a county of Bunyoro, which Bakonzo claim to be an area of their ancestral kingship yet it belongs to the people of Bunyoro called Abasongora not Abakonzo.
This was one respected scholar and whoever is in charge of his legacy project should get up and fundraise and not complain every year.
Big breakers ur good by u need to be a bit more speed with ur moves.
Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has tested positive for Covid-19 for a second time and will miss the Premier League clash with leaders Manchester City on Saturday.
Dont miss a chat with the president on Social media this Friday.
Mainly it’s because I need more sex and intimacy than he can provide.
Lawyers representing victims of the LRA insurgence in Northern Uganda have told the International Criminal Court (ICC) that the victims see the trial as a restoration of hope that they had lost in getting justice.
"It is like a blaze: once ended, only ash remains".
Uganda Revenue Authority says the new Tax Identification Number requirement for land transactions will strongly boost the tax registry.
A city businessman Ellad Muyambi who is accused of forging President Yoweri Museveni's signature in a letter addressed to the former Libyan president Muammar Gaddafi is to face trial in December this year.
Picture of the day: A teacher teaching a nursery class in Karamoja.
Speaking during the first meeting of the Industrial Training Council members, Dr. Joseph Muvawala the executive director of the National Planning Authority revealed that the directorate has a funding gap of sh5.
Otherwise, President Kagame will not open the border and you have proved it by now.
The value of IP is founded in its contribution towards the development and sustainable exploitation of human ingenuity and creativity.
According to former Lubaga South MP, also Lukyamuzi’s daughter, Suzan Nampijja, medical doctors said Lukyamuzi who doubles as the Conservative Party (CP) Presidential General was battling severe chest pain, malaria, pneumonia and cough.
The New Vision is with Fibonacci Shakur Jackson.
Those times of go to school get a job work hard and retire have surely passed!
Lets kick dem out of da playground CRANES,let dem feel its tym 4 da showdown.
Did you study at Nabagereka Primary School?
After all, the Cranes have won the annual trophy a record 13 times.
The New Vision is with Cris Inno and Wandukwa Emmanuel.
What is wrong with those beasts.
So if you are a S.6 'vacist', be on stand-by.
The team last week visited Natete, Busega, Masanafu and Kawaala, all city suburbs.
Head coach Milutin ‘Micho’ Sredojevic has brought in defender Issac Isinde for suspended captain Andy Mwesigwa while Moses Oloya who started against Togo last saturday paves way for striker Brian Umony in a two man attack with Geoffrey Massa.
Kibuli Secondary School on Wednesday emerged the winner of a quiz challenge on climate change.
The recent move by MTN Group to launch a new pan-African Application Programming Interface (API) marketplace will help create an inclusive society where everyone can benefit.
I first met #Seya while applying for Internship at New Vision in 2005.
The New Vision is with Kisenyi Alex and 6 others.
Food is what fuels your body to reach your goals and without proper nutrition through quality foods, you’re likely to stall.
President Yoweri Museveni has said that NRM is a big Party that has 9 million members in almost 60,000 branches countrywide.
she was safer at school coz I picked her in the evenings.
Leader of Opposition in Parliament, Nandala Mafabi is under increasing pressure to step aside until the process of electing the Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) party president is finalised.
The New Vision is with Musinguzi Deus and 10 others.
The New Vision is with Kitimbo Latif and 4 others.
Deadliest day of protests in Ukraine, as 13 die in anti government protests in Kiev.
"The Democratic Party (DP) is not ready to join other opposition political parties to front a joint candidate come 2016 general polls".
Photo OF THE WEEK.
The anticipated ruling on Erias Lukwago's petition for judicial review seeking to quash the proceedings of the tribunal which cleared way for his ouster has for the second time on aborted on today.
The shrine was then dedicated to the martyrs and June 3, named Martyrs Day in Uganda.
"Specialist drones can carry blood and life-saving supplies over 100 kilometres (60 miles) at minimal cost, providing an affordable alternative that can complement road-based deliveries," the proposal reads.
Over one million students register for UNEB exams despite COVID-19 disruptions.
Grab your copy of the New Vision EPAPER:👉 https://is.
South Africa bids farewell to George Bizos, the lawyer who represented Nelson Mandela at his trial for treason, at a state funeral filled with emotional tributes.
After changing to new Coach, Richardson Kigozi, Golola said after training on Friday that he is feeling in top shape and more ready for the contest more than ever.
Approved hands-free kits are fine if used properly.
He takes them to some hidden caves on Mountain Elgon to witness a secret Imbalu ceremony that shouldn’t be happening.
We are still in mourning.
The New Vision is with Eddie Semakula.
The New Vision is with Ida Brown and 5 others.
Get yourself a copy of today's New Vision.
Often, when you’re listening to someone, there’s a natural tendency to physically react to what he or she is saying, instead of simply letting it sink in.
Instead, from his chest area, a tube leads to a life support ventilation machine.
Read about his love❤️ story in the Saturday Vision.
The New Vision is with Ahiirwa Amon and 11 others.
Museveni also recruited two LDUs who were the best target shooters as his personal bodyguards.
We have listed the following links below to enable you get to know more about our profound organization the ABA Foundation.
Govt has confirmed the existence of 300 million tones of Iron Ore, a strategic mineral needed for the development of the steel industry.
Global estimates show that 335 million girls go to school without water and soap available for washing their hands or clothes when changing sanitary pads.
Will a judicial commission of inquiry into the lands ministry help to solve rampant land evictions and disputes?
In our Homes pullout, get vital tips on how to build on a slope cheaply.
According to UNAIDS, only 50,000 of the infected women receive formal support from government.
1m) and has reformed under a different name, the president of the governing body has said.
Inspiration TIP: Make room in your life for your dream to come true.
“President Yoweri Museveni recently officiated at cadre-ship training course pass out for 532 youth.
All must have face masks.
One of the relatives of the deceased, Moses Bbosa told the New Vision that they wanted to know why police have not followed up the case.
How closure of schools over COVID-19 exposed girls to sex offenders.
ma prayers 2 da bereaved & da injured.
President Yoweri Museveni currently in Durban, South Africa will this evening address for the fifth BRICS Summit in his capacity as regional chairman of the East African Community EAC, as well as the Chair of the Common Market of Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA).
Ojwang, through his lawyer Charles Dalton Opwonya , wrote a “strong warning” to the Archbishop of the Church of Uganda Stanley Ntagali to desist from forcefully retiring him from office before his retirement age.
Follow our stories of transformations in Uganda's various sectors using the #ILoveUganda tag.
Grab yourself a copy of today's New Vision for your free "Harvest Money" pull out.
The New Vision added 8 new photos — in Entebbe.
Read all about it in today's New Vision 🗞️—.
Mats Farouq your own Kabako owentolomwe in this but meehhnnn!
It wished to recruit across board from Porter to Senior Assistant Town Clerk to fill up glaring wide gaps in the district.
President-Elect Donald Trump called Tuesday for the cancellation of a multi-billion dollar Boeing contract to build the next Air Force One, calling the ballooning costs "ridiculous".
Squeeze juice from ginger into a teacup; discard solids.
"Now as the ministry of health guides us, let us take a personal decision not to shake hands unnecessarily or expose ourselves to conditions that will facilitate the spread of Coronavirus," he advises.
Am heading to Hakuna Matata for some delicious Pork.
The New Vision is with Hon Mukasa Fred Mbidde and 7 others.
The government hopes it will help tackle drug cartels.
The business community in Kampala is mourning the passing on of the City Traders Association (KACITA) chairman, Everest Kayondo, who has succumbed to COVID-19 today (June 23).
Dont miss full UHURU pictorial in Wednesday New Vision.
Nrm MPS can never make their own decisions.
Florence Nakiwala, the Youth and Children’s Affairs minister, said at least 2,730 teenage girls got pregnant during the first three months in the lockdown.
Burkina protesters set fire to parliament, attack national television building.
The event was the last build up to the national championships that are due at Namboole this weekend.
Have you been affected in similar fashion, share your view.
Add close friend me ♥🙍📞😽 BOTVIET.
"We have gone through difficult times," John Magara tells mourners during a requiem mass in Kampala -- see more at: https://goo.
East or West, The Athena welcomes you to work, dine and rest.
Some people open up their mouths to talk and all they say is something that depresses you forever.
High court Judge Justice Yasin Nyanzi has today sentenced Rev.
Legendary reggae and R n B singer, Judy Boucher, jetted into the country on Tuesday for a charity concert towards the construction of Uganda’s first multipurpose home for the elderly.
They were received on arrival at Entebbe International Airport this evening by the Head of Public Service, Mr. John Mitala, Gen.
A truck driver distracted by porn on his cell phone when he allegedly crashed into three police cars, killing an officer.
Police at Kitimbwa Police post in Kayunga district are demanding a new latrine before they clear 15-year rent arrears.
Deputy Speaker of Parliament Anita Among has joined other Ugandans in congratulating Paul Ssemogerere upon his appointment as Archbishop of Kampala Archdiocese.
The case against three ministers charged with causing loss of sh14b in activities during the preparation for CHOGM 2007 resumes today.
Details in the New Vision #EPAPER -https://vpg.
They re in trouble!
This is long overdue.
Breaking NEWS: Car explodes Just now in front of a synagogue in France, no more details at this time.
Because when we continue to do extra-Africa trade, we are not able to gain the dynamic comparative advantage that is deliverable from trading with ourselves.
The New Vision is with Angelica Kebirungi.
Youth MPs have asked government to issue a directive to all Universities and Hotels to ensure free distribution of condoms to their clients to prevent the spread of HIV/Aids.
Tragedy befell a family on Saturday when a mother administered poison to herself and four children, killing three of them.
The New Vision is with Kisitu Uthman and 3 others.
He is expected to arrive in the morning and media reports indicate that he and President Yoweri Museveni will hold talks at State House in Entebbe.
Kenyan president and one of Africa’s top business moguls, Uhuru Kenyatta, is expected in Uganda this weekend to address the fourth Pakasa Forum, which is organised by the Vision Group.
Get a copy for the latest News and more-https://vpg.
⚽️ #AstonVilla defender Tyrone Mings says the English Premier League return is driven by finance.
Congs my dia,n well done the Gov have to do some thing,why nt.
"We think that Friday will be the day.
Manchester City opened up a six-point lead at the top of the Premier League with a first half demolition of Leicester in a thrilling 6-3 win as Arsenal and Tottenham were also comfortable winners.
Recruitment of Ugandan volunteers for the trial is being done at the head offices of the Makerere University Walter Reed Project in Kampala.
What a world we live in!
Sergio Aguero is warming up in Spain.
Locks him out of cockpit.
5 Megawatts (MW) power plant marks the onset of 24 hour reliable and cheaper electricity supply to West Nile region, reports Ibra Kasita.
Uganda'S first female boxer for the Olympics, Catherine Nanziri says she wants young girls to believe in becoming boxers as means to brighten the future of the sport.
Stop material-based relationships and all this will be solved!
Agony: How do I trick my dad into doing a vasectomy?
Ceasar Acellam for 'peace and harmony'.
I don't defend such guys.
Works on Atiak-Nimule road (35km) are expected to commence in June.
A disturbing trend among Swedish teenagers of drinking anti-bacterial hand wash for its alcohol content has forced pharmacies to put them behind the counter.
Bujingo aja kukiriza kugwe naye ani mbizi.
Thank you Geoffrey Massa for that brilliant goal!
The ministry of health is seeking more space to house suspected COVID-19 cases as the facility set up at Namboole Stadium is filling up quickly.
His captors dropped him when the police were about to close in on them.
Police Friday blocked Kyambogo University student’s demonstration as it entered day two.
Our bodies are temples of your spirit.
Metropole HOTEL BELGIUM,is Currently recruiting able bodied male and female workers for the year.
A group of about 200 teachers comprising of delegates from all districts were joined by representatives from the East African member States and Zanzibar.
A student of Mbrara High School died shortly after collapsing at the school's playground.
We are proud of you!
Should matters of tribe matter in Church?
Google has taken a stake in a Chinese artificial intelligence startup which is aiming to develop smart wearable technologies, the companies said Tuesday.
2005: Then Katikkiro of Buganda Joseph Mulwanyammuli Ssemwogerere resigned together with his entire cabinet of ministers.
We shall keep calm but remember when a sheep bows down its head, it doesn't mean that it doesn't know where the cows have gone.
The New Vision added 3 new photos — with Gerald Lamarka Flavin and 3 others.
My husband and I have always disagreed on a number of things for the last nine years that we have been married.
So, what is trending in your hood?
Lord Lucan is now presumed to be dead, a High Court judge has ruled.
Subaru in the first place u are stupid urself ur grammer  tells the degree foolishness and stupidity u are.
This will be at this year’s cross country and show jumping event at the Flametree Stables in Kijabijo, Gayaza.
"When a strange illness killed four members of the family, including a university lecturer, many blamed it on witchcraft by envious neighbours".
In today's New Vision, we have a story on how the Govt and donors are equipping girls from poor communities with skills, to help them earn a living.
The petitioners of a Tororo-based lobby group, who were represented by 13 people, including a Roman Catholic .
Isabel dos Santos is Africa's richest woman, according to Forbes.
Even the clergy will find themselves outside.
Relies ON UGANDAN for Manny Pacquiao fight and more, subscribe for you copy here, https://vpg.
Supporting agriculture is about improving lives of farmers and creating more employment opportunities.
The New Vision is with Bukirwa Sarah and 7 others.
let them report to Pearl of Africa with immediate effect or else they wait to be shown way in pieces.
Museveni held talks with Chinese president Xi Jingping.
I believe soon a CURE is coming.
Jaz wait 4 reply.
Is it a bad idea to share share or leave power?
Who told him mvu youth .
This policy will save lives.
Dnt think tht man became rich on his own.
Reminding in power for 27yrs+ is a sign of concealing the wrong deads not necceasary that you are perfect.
Those are scum who want lure Ugandans to be exploited as sex workers.
The New Vision is with Wiley Wiley and 5 others.
Nominate them for recognition.
The medals were adorned to them by the Chairperson of the American Scout Movement association Scott Harvey.
Libyans abandon UTL as debts soar.
Balance a wooden spoon over the top of a boiling pot to stop the bubbles from foaming over.
Happening now: The third Bunyoro Conference is going on in Kibaale district.
Get a free copy of HOMES & CONSTRUCTION in the Saturday Vision-https://vpg.
President & Commander-In-Chief  -   Yoweri Kaguta Mu.
In the representative suit filed by one Margaret Rwaheru on December 11 at the High Court in Kampala, the traders want court to compel URA to refund the money with interest from the date of collection until full payment at the commercial rate.
Today is the day to get encouraged, get dreaming, and get conquering!
Yes the economy will suffer, but the gamble of living society to operate normally might be more costly.
While skipping a meal here and there, sometimes referred to as "intermittent fasting" can be beneficial, those benefits require careful planning.
Algerian kicked out of Games.
Winnie Nanyondo and Moses Kurong are the latest Ugandans to qualify for the Rio Olympics.
File photo of westgate mall attack.
Is he now sick of his home?
🎥 FDC presidential flagbearer Patrick Oboi Amuriat today lit up Nakawa as he joined supporters in a traditional dance routine.
Everybody OUT for complete rebuilding and redevelopment!
Your normal body temperature remains around 36.
So shameless hw deputy speaker could be an embarrassment to oue nation.
There will be no asking the manager anymore😎 because the freshest celebrity Fresh Kid🎉💃🎊🥳 is in the house.
URA Cameras managed to see the people in boxes at Busia then at Entebbe they failed to see the money pellets.
35Km POINT: Kenyans attempt to run away with it, set pace that Kiprotich is failing to respond to.
Read about how he resisted British Colonial rule in Uganda in an exclusive series starting 30th September to 3rd October in the New Vision.
Here, you will find FUSO trucks, Isuzu trailers, the latest models of the definitive Mercedes Benz, the Jeep, and others.
But she pleaded her innocence, saying she was not the one who leaked her own nudes but rather her estranged lover.
Are you in the UK?
Another 805 people were injured in the incident at Mina, which occurred as two million pilgrims were taking part in the Hajj's last major rite.
That goal difference is taking a pounding.
May their souls R.I.P fr those who passed on.
I am a Christian.
The Government is coming up with physical planning regulations that will forbid construction of bungalows within the vicinity of Kampala's Central Business District and promote only high-density buildings of ten storeys and above.
Details in the New Vision e-paper via bit.
[Ad]: It’s almost time to celebrate #WorldChildrensDay!
Earlier: Prime Minister RT Hon.
Simply find another one!
Aussies may host US long-range bombers, incl.
Your wedding is approaching and you are still filled with anxiety!
Interbank and corporate demand for hard currency seen during Tuesday’s session led to a marginal weakening of the Uganda shilling against the dollar.
but we need change.
Mps on the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) have quizzed managers of Uganda Management Institute (UMI) over unaccounted for funds amounting to sh500m.
"Character is higher than intellect.
Dr. Riek is the next president of south Sudan.
Phaneroo’S Apostle Lubega gears up for wedding.
Currently, the chairman of Metis Capital Partners, Osagie has assured Ugandans that the first barrel of oil in Uganda will come as it did in Nigeria, but Ugandans need to shift attention to how they will manage the vast revenue that will come from the success of oil.
My father said that he is not going to pay school fees anymore and neither will he give me registration fees.
Paul thinks I am being selfish, and I feel betrayed by him.
"My wife comes second after God," Rev.
Today’S forex closing rates as per Bank of Uganda.
Graphic CONTENT: A suspected gas explosion tore through a Bangladesh mosque killing at least 12 people while dozens suffered life-threatening burns.
Now the officials hv started making there own budgets anti they gonna chew it up.
Get yourself a copy this September, 28th in the New Vision paper.
The New Vision is with Nasali Maggie.
A Cabinet meeting chaired by President Yoweri Museveni on Friday adopted the Inspector General of Government (IGG) recommendation to halt the current tendering for the $1.
I was abroad while they were in living hell, the former.
Andrew Luwandaga, a long-time friend and colleague, said Bbale was taken to hospital three weeks ago.
Mount Nyiragongo Volcano #Congo #NaturePhotography.
Kony assigned Okello to be Acellam’s escort.
I think the police should improve on it's IT system to enable it track such thugs.
I might be at the work place for survival.
Get the details in Saturday Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
What is going on here?
Bulikyimu kyikolwa myaaka taata nabobatono yogeramu.
D cranes are the ones the call peacocks simply rediculous.
When a gang of robbers makes off with a huge stash of money, they have to make a rare sacrifice - kill one of their own.
Look out for it every Monday to Friday in the New Vision.
I hope your methods work.
President Yoweri Museveni, has summoned MPs to a week-long retreat at Kyankwanzi.
Relive how the Ugandan runner did it here 👉🏽.
Kayihura, who led the Police for 12 years -- see more at: https://goo.
How can I handle this?
YOU GET "LABELED" SOMETHING!
The Uganda Revenue Authority (URA) has accused the clearing agents at Malaba border for the continuous truck pile up that has caused a daily traffic jam on the Malaba-Tororo highway during morning and evening hours.
BE REST ASSURED IT WORKS.
Get what it is, only in the New Vision.
They hate seeing locals putting up big projects.
He exhibited this on his return from Nairobi, where he has spent over three months training for his next opponent Betyar Istavan, who he fights on April 19 at Kyadondo rugby ground.
Have your say on this?
Petitioning parliament recently, the children aged between 8, 11, 15, and above, said their representative in parliament should be a youth living with HIV and above 18 years.
My beautiful city, i need change my visit schedule, not only December visits.
Ian Kyeyune to stand as independent after losing in party primaries.
Mali'S military-dominated government on Monday launched a four-day national forum on returning the country to civilian rule following the country's August 2020 coup.
The refugees are protesting over delayed distribution of food.
One important factor, is that it can help boost the amount of calories you burn.
No doubt, Teddy Cheeye's writing made him the "unforgettable journalist".
But some people are not easy 2understand dats y cases like pouring acid with de intention killing are very common.
Find out in Saturday Vision.
We have failed to live in any place harmoniously.
Today is National Date Nut Bread Day!
But at Umeme, that might not be the case.
President Yoweri Museveni will 8pm address the nation about the COVID-19 situation.
Lerro m7 obba nrm telinna kikollla mawulille?
Catch all the action live on Urban TV every Sunday at 8PM.
The National Resistance Movement caucus is heading to State House Entebbe to meet President Yoweri Museveni to among other things discuss the proposed increment in Makerere fees.
Our mindset is like the rudder of a ship that steers us in a particular direction' - Janet Museveni, First Lady and Minister for Education.
2Mbavu where u told that NRM has only one person who can think.
You see,by coincedence you will find yourself dating a lady who will never bother responding to your message of (**mid-night supper** usually called 'ekyekiro' in central) +vely but only to give you excuses for long!
If you can't be remembered go good it's okay to be remembered for worse.
My boyfriend reluctantly agreed to the abortion.
The Government has embarked on a sh10b project to repair part of the deteriorating Kafu-Kiryandongo road.
Whoever kills by the sword falls on it.
Join us in this exciting challenge to plant 1 Million Trees in 300 Days.
21, the fourth higest, according to the health ministry.
The Police force spokesperson, Fred Enanga, said: "The robbers trailed Higenyi and staged a barricade prompting him to stop before they stole his pistol, registration number UP36316319, and two mobile phones," Enanga said.
"MTN is always boosting.
How i wish they were already here.
Every year you are ever talking about this.
"Women WITH MONEY: A THREAT TO MANHOOD"?
We have prepared this week's package and it is as follows👇🏿 , get a copy or subscribe the e-paper now 🗞️ —.
If you want to make progress, sometimes you have to change things up.
The Buganda Lukiiko has declared 7 days of mourning in honour of the royal tombs which were destroyed by a fire last night.
Welcome to #GameOnX; discussing Namboole's fake titles and Messi's departure from Barca.
I don't want to here you any more .
How about a road on the lake ?
Jst announce Museveni as da president already & we move on with our miserable lives.
Ugandan woman dies at Dubai Airport.
South Sudanese Who Lives In Uganda Are Like Clergy Family Of Uganda Yet Ugandans Who Stays In Southern Sudan Are Treated As Slaves WHY?
Lesson: You have not lost until you do not get up – Nelson Mandela.
Lokeris said that, the sites for the two proposed dams have been identified adding that if constructed, the dams will ably satisfy the demand for power in West Nile.
This must be at malaba boarder.
"Youth is not just biology, it is ideology.
For a starter, all you need are, say, 10 beehives.
Radio personality,Pastor, Politician, Peter Sematimba is one of the few men in the country that are concerned with how they look.
With all da money u steal from Ugandans,still u had to sell them,punish them,kill them more than covid it slf jst to please da ppl who gave u covid money,u were firm on da gay thing which i think has more money,wht happened dis time mr museveni?
The New Vision is with Makolo Kavuma Defiance Man.
Be careful what you wish for because if you approach it right, it WILL come true.
Uganda and Kenya are historical trading partners however trade barriers continue to impact the smooth flow of trade between the two countries.
Government has sent body sample of the fallen Butaleja MP Cerinah Nebanda to London for further forensic investigations.
Don'T feel guilty if you're a working parent.
The leader of opposition Betty Aol Ochan said that Prof.
The Source of the Nile Bridge in Jinja City, adjacent to the old Nalubaale Dam has been illuminated in beautiful colours to usher Ugandans into the New Year, 2022.
Walter Ochora,the Gulu RDC is dead.
I thought this happens in South Sudan in the muddy areas!
President Yoweri Museveni has met a cross-section of Ugandans living in China, promising to attend to three key issues they raised for his attention-http://bit.
Many commercial banks are lending within a range of 20%-25%.
I don't want to lose him and at the same time, I don't want to disrespect my mother.
Emma Kimbugwe, 26, whom residents claim was a renowned thug in Gombe, Matugga, was lynched after a brave bodaboda rider made an alarm as he was being robbed.
He started small and slowly built his way to the top.
They are unbeaten so far.
God would have permitted you (PRINCE JOB KAFEERO) to come back to life and continue with your wonderful and educative music.
As the world ushered in the New Year, thousands, perhaps millions Ugandans, in utter contrast to the usual festivities of December 31, converged at prayer sites for thanksgiving and soul searching.
How about the old mustard seed?
Now I am getting disturbed.
Using firing squad on hunters is uncalled for, where is the legalness?
Burundian police shot dead a soldier during clashes with demonstrators on the streets of the capital Bujumbura Wednesday, a witness and soldier said, amid high tensions between the two forces.
A Burundi soldier was shot dead by an intelligence officer while at least nine protesters were hurt in renewed clashes in the capital Thursday over a bid by the president to stand for a third term.
Tried,Let them come back home.
Hope U not tempted to ask for round 2 U will gunner 1000 votes, if he beat minus him voting so how if he does this time!
Who informed them that corvid 19 is a parasite they are looking for ways of misusing government funds.
You should never refer to your mother like that!
"I will persuade Nandala and I believe he will quit the race, we need a candidate that can have the 'Kenyan orange coalition' and Muntu can give us hope and respect.
Massimiliano Allegri returned to coach Juventus on Friday after Andrea Pirlo was sacked after a single season in charge, the club said.
For more details click the here 👉.
“I received the letter from the Minister directing me on what to do and I have also written back to the Minister telling her I cannot continue working under these Conditions,” Mandy said.
This is ANITA ANIBEAU, we're talking about!
Get a complete digital copy online.
Should I file for a divorce?
You people who has annoyed this guy like this?
When leading #Brexit campaigner Boris Johnson replaced Theresa May as UK prime minister, he vowed to take Britain out of the EU with or without a deal.
He ended up in exile in Saudi Arabia where he led a quiet life, until he was hospitalised.
The mandatory car inspection for roadworthiness project has taken off,with the construction of the automated inspection centres in the outskirts of Kampala.
Do you know why Uganda is developing both a refinery and a crude oil export pipeline from Hoima to Tanga in Tanzania?
The total confirmed COVID-19 cases is now 732.
Uhuru said that during the meeting they resolved that for the good of the party’s image, the military should work with Police to stop anyone causing the violence.
The Vice chancellor, Venansius Baryamureeba appeared before the students to calm them but had to be escorted by police as students threatened to turn rowdy.
Do you know an exceptional teacher in a Uganda school?
The pupil in a Nairobi school, told how his aunt’s life was saved by a stranger who warned her to leave the mall just one hour before the deadly attack.
No DNA test was done.
I think she can now decide on her own what is better for her.
Today'S QOUTE: Ugandan troops in Somalia who are on the peace keeping mission have been commended.
Dealers in non-glittering gold ran out of luck after ISO landed on them.
For details, buy a copy of ‘The New Vision’ today.
For the people with disabilities (PWDs), learning various kinds of skills can help them be included more easily in their respective communities than would perhaps have otherwise been without such acquired abilities.
Abu Dhabi-based company, Yahsat, which launched in Uganda two years ago has completed the Preliminary Design Review (PDR) phase of its third satellite that will be launched in 2016.
Ers are scantily trained and inexperienced.
Worldwide, air pollution causes around seven million premature deaths every year, according to the UN.
Miss Tourism Uganda 2018, Margaret Kankwanzi receives a picture of a Shoe-bill from photographer Matthias Mugisha.
29 paycheck before taxes, was arrested Monday for allegedly shoplifting underwear and a bottle of cologne, valued at $120, from a Dillard’s department store.
In the neighbouring province of Tanganyika meanwhile a similar accident late Thursday left two people dead, local officials said.
Bharti Airtel, the world's fourth largest mobile phone operator, said Tuesday it had signed an agreement to buy rival Warid Telecom Uganda, in a move that will increase its customer base in the country by 60%.
The New Vision is with Sahara Aishha and 8 others.
The report by market tracker IDC showed a 12.
The New Vision is with Sammy Wasike and 3 others.
Details in the Sunday Vision 👉E-PAPER: bit.
The fate of Imperial Bank Uganda was in balance and faced the risk of closure after main shareholders, Imperial Bank Kenya, was suspended over unsafe business practices last year.
I love my people.
Judges and magistrates have been warned over the dangers of using social media sites like Facebook and Twitter, with a call that their messages could jeopardise the cases that they have been assigned.
#London2012 Mo has enough to qualify.
Too late to catch up?
The 24-year-old had just appeared before grade one Magistrate Martins Kirya and was being led back to the court cells with colleagues.
Should government regulate fees for private schools as well?
It is wise that we temporarily remove these concentration points by closing all the Primary and Secondary schools as well as all the Universities and Tertiary Institutions.
I am totally exhausted and unfulfilled.
Find out how many have been netted in New Vision #EPAPER- https://epaper.
Until when corruption will stop under Museveni ?
The cabinet also appointed a committee for the reconstruction of the royal tombs.
In attendance at the London even is Speaker of Parliament Rebecca Kadaga, First Lady and Minister in charge of Karamoja Janet Museveni, HE Joan Rwabyomere, outgoing High Commissioner to the UK.
Education increased from sh2,781.
The problem is implementation!
There is no wisdom, no insight, no plan that can succeed against the LORD.
Had someone other than a Western leader said those fateful words, the word 'impunity' would have been thrown at them with an emphatic alacrity.
There are bigger issues which needs to be investigated.
Don'T move a muscle looking for a job,Job Mart has got you covered with over 160 jobs .
The Police spokesperson, Andrew Felix Kaweesi said .
Forum for Democratic Change president Kizza Besigye has cast his vote at his polling centre in Rukungiri district.
I wonder why he keeps referring to criminals as pigs yet pigs are peaceful animals.
Police officers should desist from taking bribes so as to exonerate defilers' - Robinah Nabbanja, Prime Minister of Uganda.
Over 1,200 Muslims who travelled to Mecca on a holy pilgrimage have started arriving in the country.
An 18-year-old woman in Kitgum town has been charged with malicious infection of an infant with HIV.
We thank you God in advance for your strength and energy that will sustain us,your wisdom that will guide us and your peace that will fill us.
The Government has refuted claims by a Ugandan held in Kenya over drug trafficking that he is an employee in the Office of the President:http://bit.
Lira-Kitgum road damaged by heavy rains near Pajule centre.
Lukwago’S lawyer, Abdu Katuntu confirmed the development.
It is getting embarrassing for the hosts.
He knew he had no long nose, no conections in top offices, he had to hutsle it out from scratch, and boy he made it.
U guys lack wat to research about.
General wipe out the Boko.
Okory no longer believes in marriage.
Do you know an exceptional teacher in a Ugandan school?
Tens of thousands of Sudanese protesters rallied on Sunday for a civilian-led transition to democracy, three years since the start of mass demonstrations that led to the ouster of veteran strongman Omar al-Bashir.
The writing is on the wall and it’s clear - the alleged colossal scam in the Office of the Prime Minister (OPM) is proving to be a veritable black hole, which will not stop claiming victims.
It is free in the New Vision.
, but only creating Kitata Mafias and Kifesi groups.
"I am heartbroken to announce the passing of my husband," his wife, Landra, said in a statement released to US media, adding he died "peacefully.
The locals accuse the private company contracted to evaluate their land for under valuing their property.
Should Golola get his time with the soldier?
President Salva Kiir and exiled rebel chief Riek Machar, have held a brief closed-door meeting in the South Sudan capital, as they face international pressure to salvage a stalled peace agreement.
Passport shortage hits Internal affairs.
Are the maids married ?
Nsibambi was from the eulogies, you are in for a rude shock.
Margaret Owino has so much reason to smile.
Here are the latest scores across today's #Uganda Premier League matches.
Details in the e-paper here 👉 bit.
Kakungulu says Muslims are not allowed to keep dogs because.
No wonder uganda is da only country with so many bill all over the world!
Uk Prime Minister live on BBC now.
Parliament suspends rule 201 bill to debate #EPAPER- https://vpg.
Not much apart from selling us shoes that last for 2 days!
Museveni reiterates his position on Al Jazeera.
Opposition wins Nigeria election.
The Holy Mass was led by Msgr JOHN Wynand Katende, helped by pastoral coordinator, Fr Dr Mark Richard Ssajjabi, the promoter of the Uganda Martyrs in Kampala Archdiocese, Fr Joseph Mukasa Muwonge, Parish priest of Mbuya, Fr John Mungereza and others.
These people will turn your bombardiers into spare parts.
Get free and unlimited access to your favourite newspapers between December 22, 2018 and January 6, 2019.
They r humans ,time for Church,no grudges.
However,whenever we get down to serious preparations such as setting the date our parents should officially meet,aswell as when we will hold the introduction and wedding ceremonies ,she develops cold feet.
The New Vision is with Ivan Leve Holy and 4 others.
The Deputy Speaker, Rebecca Kadaga has suspended five MPs from Parliament over “misconduct”.
When Cranes confront the Sparrow Hawks in their 2015 Nations Cup qualifier return fixture in Lome, the rule will be plain simple.
But some pipo, at first he rejected musis's plan of boda boda and taxi registration.
Find out why DP is angry and what Kiyingi’s options are.
But with the Vatican cracking down on the business amid reports of fake parchments being peddled to unwitting tourists for pricey sums, the family studio in the heart of Rome is being forced to close -- with hundreds of artisans at risk of losing their jobs.
Zimbabwe plans to compensate white farmers for land seized for redistribution to blacks and has begun evaluating the properties, Finance Minister Patrick Chinamasa said Friday.
Suppliers take long to be paid in all government institutions and ministries and money of suppliers is caught up there for so long and business people find it hard to get revolving funds which would make them to reach the 150M, after taking away the VAT number it means you cannot secure income tax clearance to continue compete and hurting for business because you cannot get it, so his government has squeezed the business people so much and opportunities left to only the rich who are his people.
The 73-year-old widow hails from Adamasiko village, Awaliwal parish, Gweri sub-county in Soroti district.
The interview will also be aired on Urban TV news tonight at 9pm.
Listen in such a way that others love to speak to you”.
Out with staff that perform bad and replace with committed staff is the method and way in all modern nations.
The New Vision is in Kigo, Wakiso, Uganda.
The central government is ready to have talks with Buganda concerning the kingdom's demands.
Just IN: Mwesigwa Rukutana announced #NRM flag-bearer in Rushenyi, Ntungamo District, defeating Justus Karuhanga in a highly contested race.
Heads of State and Government at the 7th Extra-ordinary Summit of the ICGLR at the Common Wealth Resort , Munyonyo.
The Speaker of Parliament Rebecca Kadaga has castigated the executive for failing to implement the laws passed by Parliament which paves way for some government entities to excessively exercise their mandate.
It is understood Valencia are keen to drive up the fee for Gomes, due to a sell-on clause between themselves and his former club Benfica.
That is when I sat down with my NRM colleagues in the Cabinet and the Caucus, in a retreat in Statistics House, to discuss this very serious problem.
The function took place at Bulange Mengo and it was attended by Katikiro of Buganda, Charles Peter Mayiga, Vision group Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Robert Kabushenga, Buganda Minister of Health Dr. Ben Kiwanuka Mukway, Buganda Minister for Youth, Sports and Recreation Henry Ssekabemb, Airtel Money Director Nuhu Kanyike and other committee members on the birthday run.
(Tomorrow is #TOTOFest2017 D-DAY): ALL THE KIDDIE FUN IN ONE PLACE A fun day of entertainment, games, face painting, competitions and so much more all day long!
Heading for work but after breakfast.
Send the names of extraordinary teachers to mwalimu@newvision.
Crested Cranes' coach George Lutalo names 20 players for COSAFA invitational tournament in South Africa 🎙️:.
U Pple Talking Do U Know Hw Mony Pple Who Stays There?
Ict minister Dr Chris Baryomunsi said the policy will increase the competitiveness of Uganda in the national, regional and international markets.
Access the e-paper 🗞️—.
Her left leg got paralysed.
Details in the Sunday Vision- https://vpg.
A bride was left stupefied when her husband-to-be was whisked away by police over armed robbery and kidnap.
May i be a blessing to those around me.
Duku makes millions from dairy farming, he gets about 350litres of milk on a daily basis.
Pius VII (1800–1823): 23 years, 5 months and 7 days (8,560 days).
Lightning strikes are relatively common in India during the June-October monsoon, which hit the southern coast earlier this month, but this week's toll is particularly high.
Investors, district officials fight over Sand mining.
The 29-year-old faces a minimum 15-year jail term for the Valentine's Day killing in 2013 in a case that has attracted worldwide interest and divided South Africa.
She passed away on July 2013 aged 68 after losing the battle to cancer.
Katosi Road Fraud: Senkeeto detained.
However, today, the story has changed.
Firms dealing in plastic manufacturing have demanded a clear policy and law on plastic recycling if they are to remain competitive in the plastic industry.
Mali'S new military rulers have freed the former president, Ibrahim Boubacar Keita, who was detained during the country's coup on August 18.
What beats my understanding is how on earth Farouk is behind bars before police does their investigation?
A UN war crimes tribunal says Radovan Karadzic, the Serbs’ leader in Bosnia during the civil war in the 1990s, is ‘responsible for crimes against humanity’ in municipalities of Bosnia.
The State Minister for Education Dr. Joyce Moriku, has advised schools to improvise temporary structures to accommodate the number of students expected to report back.
This after the university council on Tuesday revoked its order on the vice chancellor and top officials after realising that there were underlying legal and deep consequential implications by their directive.
A woman sentenced to death by the religion of peace.
Namayingo district local council has passed a motion seeking to elevate Namayingo town council to a municipality.
Last week Kampala Minister Beti Kamya, directed city authorities to evict all street vendors off the streets as a way of creating trade order in the city.
The New Vision is with Jack Harvey.
The New Vision is with Karamare Prosper Karamex and Tugume Brown.
Buganda Land Board called his bluff and cancelled his freehold title and put him on a lease.
Screening AT UMC HOSPITAL, From 12th to 31st August 2019.
Share your photos, news stories and articles with us and the whole world.
How come you never talk about them?
The New Vision is with Henned Herbert.
Rwanda was unopposed in its bid for the African seat on the council that South Africa will vacate at the end of December, but still needed approval from two-thirds of the U.N. General Assembly members present to secure the two-year term.
The new course of the MTN Kampala marathon comes with many benefits.
"Archbishop Emeritus Desmond Tutu has checked into a Cape Town hospital for the treatment of a persistent infection and to undergo tests to discover the underlying cause," the foundation said in a statement.
Museveni blamed political leaders for poverty in the country.
I was doing some ironing when my mum came in to tell me that a family friend had been killed in a road accident in Thailand.
Odoki back as Chief Justice, Chibita is DPP.
The injured were rushed to Jinja hospital.
This is a rare scenario on such a usually busy road.
Ing, ridiculing, nagging or doing something bad on someone.
Ing, Food, and also taking them for outings.
I am thinking of moving out and leaving my husband.
According to UAC Executive Director Dr. Kihumuro Apuuli, AIDS account for 60,000 annual deaths today, down from over 100,000 in the late 1990s.
3%) of the votes cast, Amama Mbabazi came in third with 132,574 (1.
- Schools can no longer increase their fees without permission from the Permanent Secretary.
The answer is probably yes, since most of women’s beauty products contain paraben.
#Fuldoz: #LockDownParty: Ow'ensasagge ayingiddewo.
Peace With Justice Always.
In uganda ,the problem is that our sportsmen and women train like military comandoz with no team doctor even.
I'Ll Play My Part As Usual.
There is no immediate report of casaulty caused by the explosion.
We bring you details and photos of his success story.
As i know my fellow Ugandans u may find it that these official vans will also be seen involving inthe transport.
National Theatre saga: Who is fooling who?
- Find out which universities are offering these marketable courses.
Let all teachers be given land in city,.
Get an 18 MONTHS Payment Plan at NO INTEREST by Booking with as low as 5M this Christmas Season.
Although the transfer of convicted offenders Bill, 2007 is tailored to principally facilitate the repatriation and transfer of convicted prisoners between Uganda and the 54 Commonwealth countries, Ugandans in prisons of non-commonwealth countries will also be beneficiaries of this Bill where applica.
"Life is too short to worry about anything.
His looking for votes ,those who grab land are protected by the security ,other are from state house.
TOYOTA SIENNA 450 ,OOO.
A multi-national plan to exploit oil in east Africa threatens 12,000 familes and fragile ecosystems, international charity groups have warned.
Bobi Wine probed over treason, his family cries out.
It's choice not a guarantee that parents should give you their property their worked for alone.
Following Mr Buhari's return to power, this time via the ballot box, he announced a 2m naira ($10,000; £7,000) reward for each of the players and $7,500 for the officials.
Are you ready to join the GREAT ILLUMINATI BROTHERHOOD?
Omukama of Bunyoro Iguru gafabusa recently visited Makerere University and met various stakeholders including the vice chancellor, Prof.
The fossilised structures -- called stromatolites -- preserved in ancient rocks along the edge of Greenland's ice cap were 220 million years older than the previous record holders.
And so seemed the judges who comprised former Miss Uganda Sylvia , Miss Uganda limited motivational speaker Janat , Kezzi entertainment publicity officer Olivia Nakitto and organizer Brenda Nanyonjo.
Yoweri Kaguta Museveni has plan B for you.
#Topteachers: New Vision, in partnership with the Irish Embassy is searching for Uganda's best teachers.
International Association of Women in Radio &Television, Uganda Journalists Union and Ethical journalism Network conference on turning the page of hate; teaching journalists on how to report about the scourge of violence and discrimination against women.
The New Vision is with Joseph Ssemugooma Kasirye.
The New Vision is with Lekobwamu Mukyelule.
Last week, KRA directed that all transit sugar and motor vehicle imports, whose capacity exceeds 2000cc, must pay a cash bond equivalent to the value of imported cargo or bank guarantee before leaving the port of Mombasa.
I believe both of you were chosen by God, be exemplary leaders lam sure if both of you put your heads together Kampala will rise and shine than ever before!
The way you stood up and opposed policies imposed on your COUNTRY is unbelievable.
Police in southwest Pakistan are investigating after a six-year-old girl was strangled and dumped near a garbage heap after apparently being subjected to rape attempts.
“I have been fought in elections, I was violated but I fought back because politics is not for the faint-hearted, politics is not a charity organisation.
Your value of shares also go up.
They cry, look at their mothers straight in the eye and also exchange sound and facial expressions or gestures.
Messy should be specified in terms of exactly what is meant: “You’ve left dirty clothes on the floor, dirty plates on your desk, and your bed is not made”.
He was speaking at the International Community of Banyakigezi (ICOB) Convention in Toronto, Canada, Muntu warned against a growing Ugandan tendency of seeking quick success, that he called “short-cuts”.
5°C to 37°C, regardless of the temperature of your bath or shower.
The deal in full:.
“I will serve my sentence as directed by court.
Districts are mounting pressure on the public service ministry to sort out payroll problems that have been causing hundreds of civil servants to miss their salaries.
Why not condemn their conduct as well?
The out-going permanent secretary to the Judiciary, Kagole Kivumbi, on Wednesday handed over office to Pius Bigirimana.
Secondly Judges are lawyers, does Uganda have shortage of lawyers?
Others are Kiplimo, Kusuro, Suuto and coach Gordon Ahimbisbwe.
No matter what happens.
The vice is not only about embezzlement of taxpayers’ money, but also gives some individuals superiority over others’ – Kabaka Ronald Muwenda Mutebi II .
Lynette Xen at your service.
May Southamptom win this match.
30K worth of Airtime (all networks) up for grabs!
Find the full interview in the Saturday Vision-https://vpg.
As for me this match z going to decide who is the most disappointing btn Arsenal en ug cranes.
The New Vision is with Akon Ndoye and 27 others.
Besides, I do not love my current girlfriend as much as I do for my ex.
If it turns out that there were omissions; criminal in nature, then we shall prosecute them’ – Charles Twine, CID spokesperson.
Best FARMERS: Bungu bags cash from coffee, cows.
But when he arrived in Mogadishu as a tourist, he was met with disbelief.
Authorities in eastern DR Congo have arrested a civil society executive for allegedly having links with the Allied Democratic Forces (ADF) rebels.
Dr. Abdallah Sadala Abdallah, Deputy Minister for EAC, United Republic of Tanzania, presented the Budget Speech on behalf of the Chair of the EAC Council of Ministers, Phyllis J. Kandie to an attentive House.
No movement of public and private vehicles.
⏰Countdown: 2⃣DAYS TO GO!
Willy Nyamitwe told Reuters Nkurunziza had made the decision after a recommendation by the election commission and following requests from opposition politicians and the international community for a postponement.
Police in Bugiri district are holding three people for allegedly trying to sabotage the mass polio immunisation programme by hiding 23 children.
At a recent meeting held at Wash and Wills Hotel in Mbale last month, NBL and IFDC reviewed the progress of the five year partnership between NBL and IFDC which is currently in its third year.
The team is expected to be in the country from February 14 to 20.
Quran 64:11; No disaster strikes except by permission of Allah.
That'S what is being served at Kristiana Kayanja's debut fashion show.
Never joke with God,!
Grab yourself a copy of the Saturday Vision for hot and trending stories-https://vpg.
Mp Bunyole West MP Jacob Wangolo burst into excitement when he gathered courage to hold a very heavy African rock python.
Get the full story in New Vision #EPAPER- https://epaper.
A helicopter pilot scanning remote northern Pacific waters for tuna was stunned to find not one but two boats carrying castaways who had been adrift for weeks, it was reported Thursday.
Annoucing from Namboole Stadium, Wakiso district, Kiggundu declared Yoweri Museveni the winner.
Police fire brigade managed to contain fire out-break at Superior Complex along Arua Park on Wednesday, Feb, 19, 2014.
Now they on their part they eat then go to toilets do they have to carry some faeces as proof of visiting a toilet today?
But that seems to be the wisest decision he ever made.
We have an enriching boarding experience and the best boarding facility in Kenya.
Six people who were arrested last Friday over the attack on a Buganda Road Court magistrate, have been charged with inciting violence, contempt of court and malicious damage to property.
We are concerned that the participants were instead passed out as NRM cadres.
The New Vision is with Bwambale Muhesi Bagaya Jeremiah.
Is this the magic bullet we have all been waiting for?
However, Forex rates may differ due to changing market conditions and the amount of transaction.
In a 9x13 inch baking dish spread spaghetti sauce to cover the bottom.
Find details in New Vision #EPAPER -https://vpg.
The COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant impact on the tourism industry due to the travel restrictions as well as a slump in demand among travellers.
The hospital was established in 1955 and is the only national referral mental health institution in the country.
The President advised that the solution to S. Sudan's problems is elections.
Am just loving the comments!
Former Chelsea doctor Eva Carneiro has settled her dismissal claim against the club on confidential terms.
Live: Ministry of Gender, Labour & Social Development conducting a media orientation and will be releasing The Child Help Line report; Jan-July 2014.
#Kiprotich will be landing at Entebbe International Airport tomorrow at 1PM.
Christians have been asked to abide by the presidential directive and Ministry of Health guidelines on preventive measures against contracting the deadly COVID-19 pandemic through social distancing, wearing of face masks and sanitising surfaces.
Construction of buildings under Uganda National Education Support (UNES) project worth shs9.
Create a "special night" each week to be together and let your kids help decide how to spend the time.
Is everybody complaining about james Onen doing the job he/she studied.
1m) in taxes, Zambia's The Post newspaper has published today with a smaller print run - and a defiant editorial which said: As we have repeatedly stated, the actions of the Zambia Revenue Authority against The Post have nothing to do with tax collection.
Many people are in the villages digging, why not you?
Bonga Bus, First modern public transport bus company owned by the #SPLA.
The increase in the rainfall which Uganda is experiencing in the last few days is a result of the Cyclone Kenneth that has hit several countries in the southern parts of Africa, weather experts have said.
The New Vision is with Musica Abdlex and 17 others.
The commemoration of World AIDS Day is an important opportunity to recognize the essential role that communities have played and continue to play in the AIDS response at the international, national and local levels.
We fathers have to preparrle to share in labour and nursing logistics this time!
Get a copy from the nearest vendor.
You can also visit our official education facebook wall, LIKE the page….
It is thought the 24-year-old Kenyan, who joined Saints for £12.
It includes Dickens's 1841 introduction and 1850 preface, the original illustrations and a glossary of contemporary slang.
We are going to carry out some changes.
this page is important!
Opinion POLL: Whats your say?
Anyway, how is your day?
Man united 3 chelsea 1 .
Some city robbers have changed tactics and are using graduation gowns to waylay unsuspecting targets, police have found out.
The New Vision is with Jane Jones and 19 others.
John Ssenyonga from Masaka who appeared in the Bukedde TV hit show "ABANOONYA" finally gets a soul mate; Justine Nasaazi.
Why do you punish the Police?
Maybe to clear its image, an independent firm would have done it on its behalf.
Details in the New Vision, get the #EPAPER 🗞️—.
We will leave them and we see.
New and worse scandal(may be footshake this tym)ovcous.
#Worldcup final #GER v #ARG.
Kasubi tombs are recognised by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site.
At least 29 people have drowned after a boat carrying migrants capsized off the Egyptian coast on Wednesday, two health ministry officials told AFP, raising an earlier toll.
The more we close our eyes for prayers the more we open them with suprise with public valuables missing.
many finished campus en hav more than that.
Caritas Kampala is a Faith based non-profit making organization under the Sanctifying Commission of the Catholic Church.
Some Diasporians are contemplating whether to continue remitting monies home or not considering their nasty experiences in the unending land disputes they have been.
Email us a picture with your dad and your Father's Day tribute or share with us a picture of you and your child and describe your most memorable fathering moment.
'Some MPs were pro and others against.
The New Vision is with Uwec Zoo Entebbe Former Tour Guides & Educators'Association and James Musinguzi.
Remember all those stories you’ve heard of how the most successful entrepreneurs in the world made it to where they are now?
Who is to blame for such clashes?
Baganda didn't stop from having an organised administration of a kingdom.
The Foxes draw first blood.
He is not interested in politics in Uganda," Museveni told the interviewer.
There are only ten days left for European Union officials to significantly reduce the flow of migrants and asylum-seekers into the EU from Turkey, or the Schengen system is at risk of total collapse, according to the EU’s migration commissioner.
Kampala-Based Ugandan model Stacy ‘Queen’ Aamito has done what no Ugandan model ever done, reached the Top 3 in a continental modeling competition.
Two MPs grilled as two others face arrest over offensive statements and inciting violence against proposals to scrap the presidential age limit.
African leaders have converged on the Ethiopian capital to celebrate the Golden jubilee of the continental bloc, the African Union.
Find all the captivating stories in the Sunday Vision 👉E-PAPER: bit.
Moroto to experience part of the Pearl of Africa's beauty🇺🇬.
He then asked me out again and has messaged me regularly before we go out next week.
In the New Vision Today: Parliament rejects Tax on Kerosene, Busoga Premier takes Kadaga to court, NEW SICKLE CELL cure STARTS, Cops arrested, America envoy calls Museveni ■ Congratulates the President on foiling attack, Kutesa takes office at UN and more.
The New Vision is with Hosea Hose Howell.
Spain at Soccer City stadium in Soweto, near Johannesburg.
Soroti Municipality MP and former health state minister Mike Mukula has been acquitted after by the Anti-Corruption Court.
The thought of the wet season leaves Mbekeka in fear.
The elderly in South Africa are discarding pills for boxes of condoms in the belief that the lubricant oil on the latex helps alleviate arthritis-related pain, a daily reported Friday.
Church officials in the northeastern US city said the auction was the highlight of a gala black-tie event kicking off this year's Philadelphia Auto Show.
"My daughter, have you seen the tarmack roads we have constructed"?
16 billion," Minister Maria Kiwanuka said.
Details in New Vision 👉EPAPER: is.
5b company that specializes in making herbal medicine products that treat a variety of diseases and employs over 104 people.
This is a matter between life and death.
NRM intentionally and totally destroyed the industrial sector, the glory of Jinja.
This must be rubbing many guys the wrong way.
Demonstrates how to wash hands to avoid #Coronavirus.
The list of students who have secured Government sponsorship in public universities under the district quota system is out.
His side may be trailing, but Roman Buerki has been brilliant thus far, and the Dortmund goalkeeper has done well to keep the scoreline as low as it is now.
South SUDAN, YIROL : South Sudanese children from the Dinka ethnic group pose at cattle camp in the town of Yirol, in central South Sudan on February 12, 2014.
Nuous killings in the country sometimes is a sign of political failure.
This very debate was provoked by Western groups who come to our schools and try to recruit children into homosexuality.
He commended the Ugandan and Somali troops for their recent decisive operation against the Al-Shabaab terrorist organization.
200m final in 30 minutes time!
Mps on the budget committee have called for an urgent review and audit of the on-going National Identification card project to establish the financial and logistical constraints, with a view to making it a success.
Deray Mckesson, a leading figure in the Black Lives Matter movement, will run for mayor in Baltimore, local media reported Wednesday night.
Kiprotich takes on the Kenyans again in Sunday’s London Marathon and he wants to use his new-found fame to improve facilities for young athletes at home.
The New Vision is with Sharf Sharif Kyb and 3 others.
Hospitals in Nebbi are facing a shortage of oxygen as the district continues to experience a surge in COVID-19 infections.
President Yoweri Museveni pays tribute to Maumbe Mukhwana.
Zimbabwean police has arrested three journalists at a state newspaper over a story implicating police and parks officers in the poisoning of some 60 elephants, saying their report was false.
A vocal coach with an eye for talent, and says she got started in the entertainment industry by chance.
Nal community should be liniment to Russia.
The four Bulgarians accused of stealing money from Automated Teller Machines (ATM) were today rearrested and sent to the Central Police Station.
The Supreme Court registrar, Tom Chemutai, has warned the media against holding press briefings within the court premises.
Otherwise when U talk of Opposition Leaders in Uganda & U lock #Besigye & #Lukwago in their Houses, who else do U refer to?
All Good things must come to an end’ thou it doesn’t seem to be a fair rule.
Owners of analogue television sets who will not have obtained set top boxes (STB) to enable them access digital signals by June 17 will be switched off following an agreement by stakeholders not to extend the digital migration deadline.
The IGG has obtained telephone printouts of investment and privatization state minister Evelyn Anite in its preliminary investigations.
Icc defends Dominic Ogwen’s lavish life in jail .
Pour caramel topping over Butterfinger.
"We want to open up brand Uganda to the massive sports audience where our national team participates," says #Uganda Tourism Board boss Lilly Ajarova.
Goals by Shafik Mulangila and captain Joseph Kayira ensured that the hosts carried a vital three points.
Must be a stubbon fela!
Access your copy of the Saturday Vision #EPAPER here- https://vpg.
and in future keep people out of your private afairs especially matters of the heart.
5b in exploring for the hydrocarbons in Uganda for 15 years.
High self-esteem predicts better relationship, and high of both partners is an even better predictor of relationship satisfaction.
Sleep in one continuous block.
That year, Brohi’s uncle and two others strangled her 14-year old cousin, Khadija, in an “honor killing,” because Khadija ran away with her boyfriend, leaving behind the man she had been promised to as a young girl.
The unusually late storm first hit the eastern provinces on Christmas Day, flooding roads and farms, destroying homes and damaging ships as it crossed the archipelago, though the highly-populated Philippine capital was spared.
Xmas is coming but I can guess nothing is there for us to enjoy.
Read about how he has made it this far in Pakasa today only in The New Vision.
Port BELL ROAD - An unusual aura of tension filled Kampala city abattoir located along Port Bell Road when a scuffle ensued after unknown men attacked the chairman of the meat traders on Friday.
The age limit has caught up with him.
In a directive issued on Monday, posted on their website, DCAA said passengers will not be accepted to travel on Emirates flights from Nairobi during this time.
A case of sexual transmission on US soil of the tropical, mosquito-borne Zika virus, has stirred unease among ordinary people and experts alike.
It can't be drought but dictatorship instead & Ecweru knows it well.
The @ICPAU1 #26ICPAUAnnualSeminar starts tomorrow.
Just IN: Member of Parliament for Vurra County, Arua District, Sam Okuonzi being led by a Prison officer to police cells after the Grade II magistrate at the Family and children’s court in Nakawa, Rose Jolly Anyang, sent him to Luzira for six month for failing to look after his children.
Relationship Tip: Don't forget to hug.
A Ugandan radiologist has received an international honour.
The New Vision is with Trudie Nanyonjo and Kate Khloe.
But they worked hard.
A group of NRM Members of Parliament have launched a campaign to see President Yoweri Museveni retain power for another term of five years after 2016.
Uganda’S forest cover has reduced from 24% in 1990 to only 8% today.
Kids with engaged fathers do better in school, problem-solve more successfully, and generally cope better with whatever life throws at them.
The New Vision added 10 new photos — at Kampala Serena Hotel.
Religion of peace indeed!
Can 4 a start sit undet trees and u will c a corresoonding parliament bldg come up etc.
Is trust more important than love, or is it the other way round?
"An army car hit a mine planted by Boko Haram at Kaiga Kindji, near the border of Chad and Niger.
He said this yersterday, thursday, while addressing inmates and prison warders at Lira Central government prison.
The Ministry of Gender, Labour and Social Development intends to close six organisations in Kampala city for non-compliance to the occupational safety and health measures.
Thanks Pop for example.
Bishop Bamwoze is remembered to have established a number of health facilities in hard-to-reach areas under his Family Life Education Programme, an arm of Busoga Diocese, which he oversaw.
My 22-years- old sister who has just completed university told me that her fiancé proposed to her and they are getting married in November 2017.
But in an interview, he says that he is actually a good church boy.
The New Vision is with Kyagaba Ali and Niyitegeka Allan.
75%) of the total vote cast.
Let them be hunged.
“If you teargas people, do you do it for God & our country?
"The Uganda Martyrs Congress is an association bringing together people who know and value the contribution of our ancestors and in transmitting the Christians Faith in today's life in Uganda.
We thank God for yet another bright day.
The Old Kampala police commander, SP Joram Mwesigye who was Tuesday arrested for assaulting a television journalist is facing charges of theft.
You even dictate how counselling won't work out yet you requesting for help!
plz jst hv confidence,the who gave u dt property is still alive & willing to give u evn more,Jst consult Him.
Do up a timeline, marking down the estimated times apart and times together, and draw an end goal.
#Oscarpistorius offered $34,000 to Reeva Steenkamp's parents, but they rejected it as "blood money" the Pretoria court heard.
if there are no authority that take responsibility or have control then a country obviously have serious administration problems.
Out of the 252 Mps voting for the second reading of the Constitution Amendment bill, so far, only MP Akello Lucy has voted "No".
Home Entertainment Singer Juliana kanyomozi’s ex welcomes twins EntertainmentGossipLead StoriesSinger Juliana kanyomozi’s ex welcomes twins By Alex - June 28, 2018 48 0 SHARE Facebook Twitter Amon Lukwago is a proud father of twins By Website writer Juliana Kanyomozi’s ex-boyfriend, Amon Lukwa.
Exactly 120 days after Bobby Williamson won the 2012 CECAFA Senior Challenge Cup at Namboole Stadium, he has been shown the door by FUFA in a move that has divided the nation.
The changes come weeks after disagreements at the executive committee level with former executive committee member Mariam Kaliga filing a suit against the federation as well as accusations of laxity in referees management.
(Cnn) -- Sub-Saharan Africa's economic renaissance is fueling an investment drive by fast food joints looking to tap the continent's growing middle class.
Please don't bother us with this.
[Photos]: The audience divide up into Work Groups representing the regions of Uganda to reflect on key messages from SEEDS FOR ALL SYMPOSIUM presentations and come up with Practical Actions that will be implemented and solve practical challenges.
The New Vision is with Tusiime Catherine and 3 others.
MDF says it is apolitical and its duty is to protect the nation and not interfere in political systems.
Former ministers Jim Muhwezi, Mike Mukula and Dr. Alex Kamugisha have been acquitted of all charges connected to the mismanagement of sh1.
The New Vision added 4 new photos — in Uganda.
The commissioners grilled Lumala for altering a Police report in which he claimed that part of Mabira forest reserve belongs to Bashir Nurdin, the proprietor of Hare Petroleum Ltd -- see more at: https://goo.
Icymi: She left the #BGExpo2018 audience yearning for more.
They know what korona is!
Catch THE WHOLE INTERVIEW.
Grab your copy now.
However there have been some flirty texts going on between us such as him wanting a kissing competition .
Once your purpose on this earth was over, he called you back to Him, where you truly belong.
The National Drug Authority (NDA) in partnership with the Uganda Police Force has arrested six people for allegedly falsifying and counterfeiting acaricides in western Uganda.
🎉🎊Happy BIRTHDAY ROBERT MUGABE!
Grandparents, aunts, uncles, teachers, counselors, and family friends can serve as positive role models to our kids.
At least 30 people have been killed in twin bomb attacks claimed by Al Shabab Islamists in the Somali city of Baidoa, the regional governor said Monday.
But Lottie has learned the true princess of Maradova is Ellie Wolf, her black-haired, angst-filled roommate.
Four months after singer Iryn Namubiru’s drug scandal, police is yet to find more evidence to pin her promoter, Kim Twesigye whom she accused of planting drugs into her luggage.
My sister got married and took me to live with her in her marital home.
#Drcongo 1st lady; Mrs Kabila gives North Kivu Governor #Paluku a bag full of dollar bundles.
Nowadays, it is common to hear that some people are organising a baby shower for an expectant woman.
78' ⚽️ LIVERPOOL SCORE FOURTH GOAL!
Some pipo won't ever grow in their brains infact commenting b4 understanding how d whol issue came about shows their primitiveness.
Should the minimum wage be fixed at sh136,000 per month for casual workers including house maids?
The New Vision is with Remy BernalesOlasiman.
Remember that was an industrial hub.
Evariste Ndayishimiye, a former army general chosen by the powerful CNDD-FDD governing party as heir to outgoing President Pierre Nkurunziza, won the May 20 poll.
Awareness of mass, -increased support 2 NGO's suchas IFDC, monitoring $ close supervision of government programs suchas wealth creation &NARO en facilitation of researchers lyk me!
Uganda National Oil Company (UNOC) chief executive officer Josephine Wapakabulo is seeing out the last days of her time at the helm of the company.
Today, Mumya is one of the prominent businessmen in Kapchorwa district.
After seeing 403 comments, I rushed to check the answers, hoping to satisfy my knowledge, Kumbe people are schooling new vision!
How then should we help flower farmers access the far east markets?
The agreement was reached at a recently concluded meeting under the auspices of the Kofi Annan foundation held in the UK.
The 66-year-old Frenchman has been in charge of the Gunners since 1996 and while he has no immediate plans to walk away from the club, Arsenal have already devised a succession plan.
The CEO of TikTok, which has been downloaded more than a billion times around the world, has quit the company.
Its Really Horrifing That Even In Ones Country One Hasno Freedom Of Movements Coz Of Kidnaps.
Where are the lingala lovers?
Top musicians lined up for Toto Christmas festival.
Get a special edition pullout in the New Vision for insights-http://bit.
The New Vision is with Iryn Kim and Beverly Vugutsa.
I don’t think that H.E. the President making that statement was favouritism.
@Kagutamuseveni will address the country at 4pm in light of confirmation of 8 new #COVIDー19 cases.
The army has phased out boarding sections in all army schools, the ministry of defence has announced.
Uganda'S nascent motor vehicle manufacturing industry may get a major boost from its home-grown cache of rare earth metal deposits whose value is estimated at much more than the oil.
Uganda to absorb $6.
Lord, we ask that you forgive us where we have failed you.
4bn from banks' Online Virtual Accounts (OVAs) to various mobile money sim cards, has been charged and remanded to Kitalya Prison.
At this rate, i think we are better off without those funds because few people were benefiting from them.
Stupidest thing ever and just ridiculous".
But when we go back in 80s when there was no law on the man holding a gun, I praise tha Government to put back the laws in Forse.
A nerve agent could be a blessing in disguise.
These were the words of Maj Gen (rtd) Kasirye Ggwanga as he described the recent arrest of Lt Gen Henry Tumukunde.
President Yoweri Museveni donated twenty Masey Ferguson tractors, worth over 2 billion, to individuals and groups in fulfillment of his presidential pledges at Kololo Airstrip in Kampala, today, September.
Luis Suarez's appeal against his four-month ban for biting Giorgio Chiellini has been rejected, FIFA has announced.
Zambia will hold a day of prayer and fasting on Sunday, with bars shut and football matches cancelled, to seek divine help over the country's currency collapse and dire economic woes.
Attackers are said to be holed up in a room with bullet proof glasses.
Dates of publication, pliz?
Way to go can u make one 4 me?
In a response to reports in the media that he has held talks with Museveni, Mbabazi distanced himself from the reports.
We have details of the charges in your copy of the New Vision.
The New Vision is with Kyagaba Ali and Moses Nathan Muhangi.
Police have written to the Electoral Commission asking for details on claims that it disrupted some of the Presidential Candidates campaign programmes.
Stock markets have mostly retreated as a "Santa Claus rally" showed signs of fatigue amid lingering fears over the Omicron variant and uncertainty about economic prospects for 2022.
He is now an MP representing Sulurere Constituency.
Gashayija said learning in shifts even if twice a week for each class will ensure that children continue to learn and not miss out on education completely.
First deal with kalamoja,stop lies.
Can Moses Kipsiro win Uganda her first Olympic medal in 16 years and first gold in 40 years when he takes part in the 5000m final tonight?
The untold story of the 1967 CPC!
Under the Pre-Export Verification of Conformity (PVoC) programme, certain products destined for Ugandan market will have to be inspected in the country of origin before being shipped to Uganda.
Watch live on all Vision Group Uganda TVs to learn more.
Pakasa: Former Trinity College Nabbingo headteacher Choltilda Kikomeko Nakate reveals how she planned for her retirement.
Swearing in is May, 2021.
In a press release issued on Monday the US Department of State condemned the request and asked Bashir to stand before the International Criminal Court (ICC) to answer to crimes committed in Darfur.
Visit the Unik Bridals stall for the latest wedding gowns and changing dresses.
#Breaking: Presidential Advisor Chango Macho Dead.
Japanese rescuers on Thursday found the bodies of two fishermen from a sunken boat that capsized a day earlier, though six others remain missing, officials said.
I have been to moslem countries and people go back to work after prayer.
Tickets are available at sh10,000 at The New Vision Head offices on First Street Industrial area and at Vienna College Namugongo.
Read more, in today's Mwalimu.
You could also be unemployed and you need help?
Former Mukono District Police commander, James Aurien has been sentenced to death for murdering his wife Christine Apolot: http://cot.
I will laugh when your time of sorrow comes, because you rejected me.
Like in 2009, the major battle is between the two retired army officers; Maj.
I nominate Yiga Joseph a great and wonderful teacher.
good job our health workers.
Celebrating the 50 years wasn't bad but it would sound very good if they had done it in kidepo national park so that the nearby community could also get involved and some appreciation needed to be extended to locals .
Police has started implementing the Presidential directive on giving back motorcycles impounded during curfew hours to their respective owners.
Think about who you've met and how you can help someone else.
Everyone uses Bagandas to come to power.
People who caused chaos during the trial of Stella Nyanzi have been charged.
This is how baby elephants drink water.
Other hother h/w a sick so thy want 2 infect pt.
The New Vision added 9 new photos — at Martyr's Shrine Namugongo.
The New Vision added 35 new photos — at Kololo Air Strip.
He Is God To Judge Others?
🇬🇭 Mahama was president from 2012 to 2016, when he lost a re-election bid to President Nana Akufo-Addo.
The New Vision is with Richard Odongo and 8 others.
Patients are being forced to pay for the Mulago cancer machine.
The Prisons Service wants Parliament to approve sh30b to make room for the increasing number of inmates in prisons countrywide.
Uganda’S participation at the prestigious FIL World Lacrosse Men’s Championships is seen with rose tinted glasses by lacrosse enthusiasts in the country-http://bit.
First Lady, Malia and Sasha reportedly not with him.
Happenning at Sheraton Hotel Kampala.
Young women will be given pepper spray to fight off rapists, the state minister for youth and children, Ronald Kibuule, has said.
Find out which districts are piloting this and the effect on health service delivery in New Vision.
Share your tributes and family updates on our Facebook page (The New Vision), tweeter @newvisionwire or sms to 8338.
The Electoral Commission (EC) has extended the deadline for updating the national voters’ register by four more days, ending on May 4.
Father, please guide us from this monster coronavirus.
Buy a copy of Bride & Groom Magazine at any supermarket countrywide.
Ugandan graduates aged 28 years and below have a chance to study oil and engineering master’s degree programmes in France at no cost.
The health ministry has taken initiative to upgrade some health centers with the aim of improving health services to the refugees and host communities, Jenipher Namuyangu, the minister of state for local government has revealed.
Covid-19 surges have wreaked havoc around the world, with many nations trying to strike a balance between economically punishing restrictions and controlling the spread of the virus.
According to the report, the body is at the Dubai Police Headquarters, pending clearance to be flown to Uganda.
Thank you Lord for the gift of LIFE & for always giving us your Grace.
I'm just taking it race at a time.
What happened to: " A Priest For Ever"?
Do you know Uganda has the smallest church in the world?
"We were on the beach, we heard the gunshots and we saw people fleeing," said a witness.
Deputy President William Ruto said the instability in Somalia is piling pressure on Kenya’s security situation.
When asked in 2016 what he would take with him if he were to be thrown away on a desert island, Nasser Sebaggala responded: “I would go with my brain”.
HIV is still killing our friends, relatives and colleagues.
Rebecca Kadaga toured Roofings on invitation and was taken around the factory by the Chairman Sikander Lalani and was later briefed by senior managers including the flambouyant Chief Executive Officer Oliver Lalani.
Women want to settle down while men prefer to play the field, right?
The Generals were on September 30, 2015 decorated with the prestigious Legion of Merit medals of USA at the Chieftaincy of Military Intelligence headquarters in Mbuya.
This is the key question, with the World Patient Safety Day around the corner.
After a successful Thursday in the first half of campaign in Bugisu sub-region in the districts of Manafwa, Namisindwa and Bududa, FDC's Amuriat will today campaign in Sironko, Bulambuli and Mbale city.
Grab yourself copy 👉E-PAPER: bit.
Parents dont have that time.
The 'mole theory' which Muntu cited on the 'Frontline' is part of the above, defying the defiance campaign is not only seen as but is political moleism.
Both his hands are contorted into some rigid anomaly, the fingers folding and clasping closely to one another in what renders the hands disabled and almost useless.
,ofcourse presido will be busy with NRM Next episode !
The Speaker of Parliament, Rebecca Kadaga, has asked government to establish strict standard operating procedures for buses.
Katumba Wamala which left his daughter and driver dead.
Do you want my country to go up in flames again?
Kenyans here are smart!
Then We have GOOD NEWS for you.
Problem is that he doesn't come from the land of milk and honey his woes would long be gone .
What a nice speaker ?
“We had a meeting, but .
People let us not.
It is very clear that there is presure on Mr M7 and his young brother J.P Kagame.
Pre-Primary, primary and secondary schools shall re-open on January 10, 2022.
Police in the Maldives arrested the opposition leader and ex-President Mohamed Nasheed on terror charges.
380 acres of Mobuku gov't land grabbed .
#Ugandazambia Who are our penalty takers.
Uganda is a home of money minders first, Others follow!
A "tsunami" of Omicron and Delta Covid-19 cases will pile pressure on health systems already being stretched to their limits, the World Health Organization warned on Wednesday.
The Uganda People’s Defence Forces (UPDF) is set to relocate its barracks from Bugema on the outskirts of Mbale town effective this month.
I do not want to lose him, yet I cannot put my health at risk.
Even his name tells it.
Mbabazi, who arrived in Beijing on Sunday, was due to hold talks on Monday with Fan Jixiang, the chairman of the Sinohydro Group that won the tender to build the 600MW Karuma hydropower dam in Kiryandongo district.
We shall do that in action.
Keep up with our app today.
Ssejusa be allowed to testify via skype?
To many, Uganda’s capital is assumed to be one of the most expensive cities.
May his soul rest in internal peace.
Parliament has granted the house Committee on Agriculture more time to continue with consultation on the controversial National Coffee Bill, 2018.
Al Haji Nasser Ntege Sebaggala was the first directly elected mayor of Kampala in 1998 and again in 2006 to 2010 and the first one to lose office as Kampala mayor because of court conviction.
A group of three men in their mid-20s followed her.
Photo Jan Vertonghen celebrates putting Spurs ahead against Sunderland.
British Minister; Baroness Warsi resigned as a Foreign Office minister over Israeli action in Gaza, arguing that Downing Street's stance on Israel's actions was "morally indefensible".
Horse riders have yet another competition opportunity.
Local media reported that a deputy commander of Kotor's police department was among those held and that the suspects were linked to feuding rival gangs in the coastal city, which is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Your togetherness makes us happy.
Hopin d plain was nt passin near d barmuda triangle?
It is as rigorous as it is tedious yet, as our undercover reporter writes, there is neither a law nor financial benefit for Uganda donors, unlike in the Western world.
Headed to Masaka from Entebbe?
Gunmen in South Sudan have raped girls, torched towns and looted aid supplies in one of the heaviest government offensives in the 17-month-long civil war.
It was one of the objectives of the Devonshire white paper.
His body was dumped in a trench in Masajja, Wakiso district.
Most bullies have a history of being bullied and want to pay back for what was done to them by a more powerful person.
#Rastoon The chairperson of Pallisa district, John Okurut, has been shocked by the poor sanitation at his new office.
Social support and expressing love can improve overall resiliency, “and your capacity to give social support also has a tendency to feed back to you and pay dividends to your own health,” notes Fricchione.
Corruption now at its peak in schools.
Mubende free from Ebola, Marburg fever.
President Yoweri Museveni has said all possible causes of disability can be eliminated.
Leaders who can successfully lead in times of change are those who are comfortable with ambiguity--the unknown.
The EU's drug watchdog has approved the Pfizer/BioNTech coronavirus jab for 12 to 15-year-olds, the first vaccine to get the green light for children in the bloc.
Gideon Badagawa, the Executive Director of the Private Sector Foundation of Uganda (PSFU) says delays in making payments breeds corruption tendencies among bidders who inflate costs as a mark-up for delays.
This dude is absolutely no representation of God.
President Obama will travel to Kenya for the first time as president in late July for meetings and an entrepreneur summit, White House says.
Imagine the scene of your child hitting another child .
According to the communication, this was done in accordance with section 3 (1) of the Land Acquisition Act cap 226.
The vehicle fell around 1:00 pm from the parking garage in Yokosuka city, south of Tokyo, according to media witnesses' accounts.
He will be celebrating 20 years of success in the music industry.
Stupidity only when the whole country is faced by the same .
The Uganda People’s Congress President Dr. Olara Otunnu has accused his former mobilization and policy chief, David Pulkol of stealing sh250m from the party.
Vision Group in partnership with Petroleum Authority Uganda is today conducting a farmers’ conference at Imperial Royal Hotel, with an aim of discussing opportunities for farmers in the #OilAndGas sector.
“I will not accept this anymore and I want men with pregnant women who are here to consider wedding them before coming to baptise their children”.
I rather stay natural than that fake weave (extension.
New Investor joins Owino.
Police is the problem.
The URCS governing board chairman, Stephen Tashobya, who is an MP for Kajara county, said he plans to table a private member’s Bill in Parliament to provide legal protection to people who rescue victims of various disasters from being accused and prosecuted innocently.
The Global Alliance for Vaccines (GAVI) has issued a fresh warning to Uganda, asking the Government to ensure that the $20m (about sh51b) the organisation disbursed for immunisation campaigns last month is put to proper use.
Kyambadde instituted the commission after public complaints about the way UNBS staff conducted business.
The appointments are subject to parliamentary approval and the names have been forwarded to the Speaker of Parliament for vetting, according to sources.
Its absolutely necessary for Ugandans to be alert on every incident which is going on in the parliament.
Heavenly Father, what a joy to see another day.
I wana send greetings to my mum and dad, that atleast the budget from Uganda caters for officers only.
Because the person he is praising never believed in the murderous acts muhoozi commits.
'In the event that the Republic of South Sudan does not reciprocate and waive the requirements for Ugandans wishing to visit their country, the visa fees will be reintroduced' - Rebecca Kadaga, Minister for East African Affairs.
Dr Stella Nyanzi is today expected to appear in court for her final judgment for her case of offensive communication and cyber harassment.
Bukenya is not willing to relinquish property.
President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni at the AU summit: "Africa is the origin of man, four and a half million years ago.
To register to plant, email: plantatree@newvision.
Here’s a sneak peak at what we have planned for you.
The visitors are leading 2-1 at half-time.
Cranes coach Micho Sredojev - ich has called for the backing of all stakeholders in Uganda’s quest for a slot in the group qualifiers of the final tournament of the Morocco 2015 Nations Cup.
Globally, stigma and discrimination are associated with lower uptake of HIV preventive services.
Kale Kayihura on Monday issued a warning while addressing presidential aspirants at the EC headquarters in Kampala.
How does an Iranian whose first business attempt in Uganda was organizing an Iran trade exhibition turn into a billionaire?
The Government spokesperson, Ofwono Opondo, says Namayanja was heading to Luweero to attend a burial and is in stable condition at the hospital.
3b partnership with the Africa Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (Africa CDC) to strengthen the continent’s response to COVID 19.
Elly Tumwiine appearing before the rules and disciplinary committee of Parliament to explain his alleged attack on MP Cecilia Ogwal.
How can USA warn Uganda.
Accompanied by UNV Regional Manager for the East and Southern Africa Regional Office (ESARO), Njoya Tikum, Olivier shall meet with government representatives, UN.
Dear Lord, I'm tempted to worry about so many things, but help me move beyond my huddles that trip me up in this mess world.
“My friends support me when I stand for presidency in 2016, support me and I will cause a big change to this country,” he told fans that gathered around him at Lubiri Palace.
The financial year is coming to an end and URA has put measures in place to enable its taxpayers to file returns before the end of the month.
Bring to the boil.
Burundi police officer joins downtown residents drinking local brew.
obviously wen things go out of hands u start history in this era of 21st century?
Get the details in Sunday Vision👉 #EPAPER: http://is.
“Parents believe the child is sleeping, but he can be listening to what they do at night.
There is one who really resembles a Nile Perch or else he has had enough of it.
Why don't they demand for service delivery from there failed boss.
The permanent secretary ministry of defense Rosette Byengoma Thursday told MPs on the parliamentary committee on defense scrutinizing the budget that due to the escalating prices of food in the country, it is necessary for Parliament to increase their budget.
S is much more spread.
"Our skin has a memory of 'good touch' (loved), 'bad touch' (abused), and 'no touch' (neglected)," he explains.
Mbabazi made the remarks at his country home in Nyakinoni sub county where he hosted over 500 members of International Community of the the Banyakigezi (ICOB).
I am a single man, 28, from Kabale.
Find out how Airtel Uganda engineers lost their jobs Details in New Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Serbian tactician Milutin 'Micho' Sredojević has been unveiled as the new Cranes coach on a two year deal this afternoon at FUFA House in Mengo.
Urban Television will this morning carry a live telecast of the graduation ceremony for Ndejje University.
Get morein New Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
How they made it up the success ladder.
#Breaking: Speaker Rebeca #Kadaga has been elected Chairperson of the Commonwealth Women Parliamentarians International.
We have only three months to end a year full of events here and there – locally and on the global stage.
Apart from education and the liberalization that frees the private sector to be active and innovative, you need other enablers.
Tragedy befell a village in Bugiri district when a man beheaded his wife and child before tapping their blood and cutting off their private parts.
You can read the whole New Vision paper online.
so wat irritates pipo!
Angus Deaton, who was honored for groundbreaking work on poverty and data collection, knew he had been on the shortlist but said he never thought winning would be very likely.
Uganda Martyrs’ Day prayers underway at Namugongo Anglican shrine.
4 NOTE: it is an mtn secret IDMF number.
>What are my chances of getting twins?
we are proud of you!
Removing Mad people from town to Butabika hospital.
Several city dwellers are making their way to the villages and traffic jam seems not to be reducing.
The Police foiled and arrested three women in a demonstration organised by the wives of Police officers over UMEME power cuts in the Kireka, Naguru, Ntinda and Jinja Road Police barracks.
#Entertainment: Mel Gibson showed some major muscles in California last week, proving that age is nothing but a number.
Last year, FDI flows to Uganda accounted for $1.
Presidential nomination exercise is kicking off in 2 hours’ time.
May The Almghit Allah Protec All The Moslems In This Crazy World Ameeeen!
Oscar Pistorius was released from jail late Monday, South African officials said, and will serve his remaining sentence under house arrest after a year behind bars for killing his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
"Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it," George Halas.
The exercise has already started in Mukono, Jinja and Kampala.
Raffle tickets will be on sale at Stall No.
An SUV drove off the fifth floor of a parking garage in Japan Saturday, killing three of its five passengers, local media reported.
Brendan Rodgers' team lost out in the reverse fixture late last year in a result that typified their inconsistent first half of the season.
Officers forged signatures and created non-existent companies to defraud the taxpayer.
The leaders also called on the UN forces to target Congo based rebel elements fighting neighbouring countries.
I hav now diagonsd ad prove dat,dats avirus in electral commission.
School children being transported on "Boda boda" bike in Nairobi.
The government has confirmed three strange pests and diseases that affect coffee plants, leaves and berries.
Setting a ceiling for interest rates.
We just did mock exams in the past days.
Finance minister, Matia Kasaija, announced the rate on Tuesday morning.
The New Vision is with Henry Kittata.
The name “Musa Body” has been synonymous with excellence in metal fabrication Katwe, outskirt of Kampala, for years.
Register now using the link below to learn more on the 25th September.
Speaking at the Europe Day celebrations at the EU Ambassador's residence in Kololo on Friday, the Head of the delegation Ambassador Kristian Schmidt said this is an imperative to sustain the country's successful development trajectory.
Pupils have performed better in the Islamic Primary Leaving Exams compared to the previous years, according to results released by the Uganda Muslim Supreme Council and the Uganda Quran School Association.
The New Vision is with Kansiime Shamim.
Putin is just laughing behind his hands 🤣🤣🤣.
Simon Lokodo has lashed at the judiciary saying it is fueling corruption in the country.
5000M world record holder @joshuacheptege1 is $miling all the way to the bank!
Give unto the LORD, O ye mighty, give unto the LORD glory and strength.
A protein-carbohydrate-rich breakfast of eggs and porridge (maize or soya) mixed with milk, and sometimes plain milk, is what patients now wake up to.
that ur solidarity may god 4give untill u encounter the same.
See Poster for details.
Dr. Kizza Besigye has left his home in Kasangati.
I talked to Gen.
One of the contestants pulls rare swagg.
Details coming in Tomorrow's New Vision and www.
Shld we say dat the killings in Buganda are just intended?
Wea can we get e cdz 4rm?
He was born on August 15, 1962 at Gulama-Najja in present day Buikwe district, Kazimba holds a diploma in theology and master’s degree in theology.
Aidah Nantaba stressed the need for Ugandan Televisions to support the local films by showing their content.
Journalist and law student David Lumu discusses this subject of inheritance.
The New Vision is with Mugabi Andrew.
Nice to hear that!
Bubulo West MP Tony Nsubuga Kipoi has been remanded to Luzira Prison on treason charges.
What engaging & exciting things are you doing as a family to remain happy & active as you #StayHome?
A huge crowd turned out Monday to celebrate the 15th birthday of Rubi Ibarra, a small-town Mexican girl though it was fewer than the 1.
Nrm MPs finalise plans for a motion on the removal of the presidential age limit.
All the latest agricultural news, expert farming tips and success stories are now at your fingertips.
It all started during confirmation classes at church when Joel, 13, met a third year university student.
Our victory must be conclusive.
A retired UPDF officer, Amodoi said government cannot afford to let go of the issue of compensation since it costs a fortune to train fighter jet pilots and crew.
Use Stanbic Bank - Uganda Online Banking and Mobile Banking and enjoy affordable convenient Banking.
When one David Mukiibi, now a lawyer, joined St. Mary’s College, Kisubi in the late 90s for his A’levels, he carried with him lots of pamphlets.
That the joke of the decade.
President Yoweri Museveni had directed the Minister of Finance Matia Kasaija and Works Minister Monica Azuba to discuss with Dott Services after the company wrote to him with a proposal to design and build tourism roads under contractor facilitated financial model.
Yoga enhances a balance between mind and body, thus creating a healthy living.
A lorry losses control, overturns at Kireka.
But like any jester, he knows they aren't but he knows he needs to be a dikuula to get Museveni's attention.
Aronda Nyakairima to court over torture and murder of inmates.
Uhuru Kenyatta, the President of Kenya has announced new tough measures to counter the surge in COVID-19 cases in the country.
But who votes this guy really I have gone through all comments but failed to get any one on his side apart from the one who said money is sweet.
Yes Cranes must win.
Kaberamaido district offices have been closed until next week to allow fumigation aimed at reducing the spread of COVID-19.
Full details in the New Vision.
“The Person Who Says It Cannot Be Done Should Not Interrupt The Person Who Is Doing It”.
Wandegeya Mosque in Kampala has been closed over COVID-19.
Rhetoric aside, not all youth can become entrepreneurs.
"I am grateful to God for this memorable day.
Call 0712 550000 or visit our website www.
The New Vision is with Holy Silas and Erich Mboowa.
What should telecom companies do with such money?
Court hears Uwera Nsenga's appeal against a murder conviction.
Which year did you last use one?
I went home and that was the last time I saw or heard from him.
Does THAT LOOK LIKE THE POLICE, THAT'S.
#Epaper: Get today's the New Vision direct on your Smartphone via-https://vpg.
We now GO LIVE .
The one thing they had in common is an unyielding commitment to doing whatever it was that needed to be done in order to make their dream a reality.
Juba - The president of South Sudan said Monday he had defeated a coup attempt following a night of fierce fighting between rival troops in the capital of the newly-independent nation.
some one will have to deal with her wounded ego to stop further embrrassment.
More blessings for you in your marriage.
The Brian Masaba led team won the toss and elected to field as the bowled the Asian side out for 147 runs in in 47.
The guy dies every year .
Who gather at times square,?
We spoke to some couples who attended the recent vision group #TwinsFestival about their experiences of raising twins.
It is the day of the 18th coronation (Empango) of King Oyo Nyimba Kabamba Iguru Rukiidi the 4th.
Nassozi said the police sprayed them with teargas.
Apolo Nsibambi has decried the poor reading culture among Ugandans that has forced them to abandon the Bible on football & alcohol.
Fufa has banned USL chairman Kavuma Kabenge for eleven years for forgery, putting football in disrepute and failure to comply with FUFA disciplinary committee.
"I congratulate Sharon Kazinga on your victory as Miss Top of the world & Miss #Uganda #UK," President Museveni.
"Mariah is one of the most captivating pop superstars of our time and one of the rare artists whose first name alone is instantly recognized around the globe," Jeff Olde, the network's executive vice president for programming and development, said in a statement.
Her Vision: 'I rejected the baby and planned to kill.
We pray for love, peace, and joy in our homes, communities, & places of work.
Qualicel Bus terminal row deepens as Police fails to interpret the order issued by court about rival property ownership claims.
Makerere University needs to cut down on the student population if it is to improve the quality of teaching and research that has reached an all-time low, celebrated scholar Prof.
Miria Obote was the first female presidential aspirant in Uganda, scoring 0.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been accused of being a "deceitful witness" who told the court a "snowball of lies", at the start of closing arguments in his trial for murder.
Pope Francis on Thursday called on the world to reject the "idolatry of money", claiming that greed was driving societies to ruin.
The New Vision added 8 new photos — at St Mary's College Kisubi.
Is our president really Ugandan!
More in New Vision - #EPAPER -https://vpg.
"I would like to discourage the USA government from taking the line that passing this law will “complicate our valued relationship” with the USA as President Obama said.
Shame on ol the people ridiculing the she cranes, these girls have performed better than any national team so far and we should only be proud of them.
That is the number of times I have been on a boda-boda.
Mujungu told The New Vision on phone that she had 15 bodies of children and five bodies of adults lying on her floor at Ntoroko Health Center III.
Much luv from the #UK," says Cathy!
However, several projects are facing implementation challenges, which include; poor procurement planning and management; as well as low capacity of local contractors among others.
It won't kill them I'm sure.
The New Vision added 6 new photos — in Kampala, Uganda.
Rev Canon Prof James Ndyabahika,70, a cleric and academic has passed on in Zimbabwe.
Find out who has stepped in to assist.
Today, a widow, she has built a multi-million shilling agricultural enterprise and an agricultural university.
A Chinese woman made a miraculous escape after her car was crushed by a giant container.
But surely, this is a small amount of money, that can be dashed out by the Mbabazis, Kutesas, M7s,etc, of this nation.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has won the tightly-contested presidential polls, the election authority said Monday, extending his 15-year grip on power as the opposition complained bitterly about the conduct of the vote count.
Feature:"In the Sixth Parliament, we were getting peanuts, such that when you lost your seat,you would automatically become broke.
Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until liquid is slightly reduced, about 30 minutes.
We will send it this week' - Adolf Mwesige, Clerk to Parliament.
if really somebody is behind the cause of his death why cover him up and handle him with kid gloves.
Bride and Groom Expo is on today!
The New Vision is with Swaib Afeku Andama.
Kampala cloudy chances of rain high those who dont dig u get rain!
A man travelling on a stolen passport on a missing Malaysian jet was a young Iranian who is not believed to have terrorist links, Malaysian police say.
I am going to make sure I avail newspapers to my pupils,”Kitareba said.
This loving accommodation melts defenses and motivates us to want to please each other.
�At 18 years, a girl is just in S4, which means she is still young and under the care of her parents.
The development and sustainability of Kampala depends on proper and adequate planning.
The New Vision is with Precious Semasi.
WEPROMARK’s Comprehensive listing package will give just that and so much more.
Official vote count to resume, with opposition challenger leading President Jonathan in overall tally.
Mukakere was offered free?
Man u pay rent of 50k but de power bill comes 55k imagine!
Uganda needs a serious deep cleaning.
The first final for Team Uganda is Saturday 7pm will see Moses Kipsiro runs the 10,000m.
Sharing the love of the pope!
A former head of Israel's Mossad intelligence service, Yitzhak Hofi, who played a key role in a 1976 Entebbe operation to free the passengers of a hijacked plane, died Monday, aged 87, an official source said.
When did a King get elected by popular vote?
#Breaking Rebel Mps #Nsereko and #Sekikubo detained as Police try to stop riots at Kisekka market after Court verdict allowed them stay in Parliament until their case heard.
We are five children, three boys and two girls.
The New Vision is with Martyn Xavi Keslor.
Uganda Prison Services (UPS) has this year submitted a list of over 1,000 prisoners who qualify to benefit from the presidential pardon.
There was a standoff between Members of Parliament and ministers on Friday over the small budget allocated to the Agricultural sector.
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.
Kits that have not been tested.
Kampala is one big slum, it has been said.
Liberian President George Weah was barred from his office for five days last week by two black snakes that entered it.
How many will he score today?
The New Vision is with Musinguzi Deus and 28 others.
Every financial year, every MP is given sh10m for constituency development and it is mandatory to account for it.
The Ministry of Health has halted the ongoing Covid-19 vaccinations at Kololo Ceremonial Grounds.
She had also sent naked pictures to him.
This woman deserves death penalty more ,so 2 be hanged like saddam hussien .
<P>That surpassed  the total a week earlier, when the English top-flight hit a new high since testing began in 2020 with 90 positive cases.
Minister names key suspects.
Hthis couple will die soon faster since they have been separated.
Instantly connect to what's most important to you.
617b gravity flow water supply scheme has been commissioned in Kasese district to provide safe and clean water for over 63,000 people.
Lady Justice Stella Arach Amoko sides with the Constitutional Court ruling that allowed the removal of the presidential #AgeLimit and unanimously declared the extension of the term of Members of Parliament and local government as unconstitutional.
Where did the meeting take place?
The driver and conductor of the taxi are on the run.
Kyadondo polls: FDC, NRM supporters clash over Wampewo grounds.
It’s a message of equality before God.
I think it will boost ur economy to work like that.
Female inmates accommodated at Luzira Women's Prison have appealed to President Yoweri Museveni to consider them for presidential pardon.
However, political analysts, religious and NRM leaders have called upon all political actors to bear in mind when voting that there is always a winner and a loser in every contest.
Details in today's paper-https://vpg.
Award-Winning American jazz saxophonist Kirk Whalum,61, made everyone feel loved during his electric performance at Kampala Serena Hotel on Thursday.
Let the man be as free as his name.
Do you think He’ll abandon you"?
wil be 1000 instead of 200, 2500 instead of 400 and 6000 instead of 750, hurry up and do it as quick as you can before they block it Note; not all applicants Get instant text due to traffic( too many people trying to apply).
Au envoy to Somalia Maman Sidikou condemned "the cowardly ambush" on a convoy of troops on Sunday in southern Somalia's Lower Shabelle district, between the small settlements of Lego and Balidogle.
Of all the 365 days in a year, today is the only day gazetted for women.
Another person has died of the Marburg viral disease in the south western district of Kabale, bringing the total number of such deaths to seven.
“Women in this market leave their children to play unattended to.
obwongo obutonno bukooya bigere.
"I feared to tell my wife I had HIV.
One resident of Ibanda town wants NUP presidential candidate Robert Kyagulanyi to talk about how he will create jobs for the youth at his rally today.
At both the Catholic and the Anglican Shrines, prayers kicked off at 10 am.
The move comes at a time when many Ugandans have been duped into buying fake goods from China and other foreign countries.
You can be young but with old ideas.
He deserves guillotine for sure.
"We are privileged to be part of this historical walk that has given us the opportunity to express our love for the pope and the church," he said.
The munitions, packed in wooden crates, were found by bomb-sniffing dogs.
Waswa Hassan,11Majwega B, 17.
No police around yet.
President Vladimir Putin's most prominent opponent was sentenced to 2.
But Even NRM Seems Disabled.
Let bread cool in pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack.
Urban Television was live.
is P/bond now at acost?
After retaining his post unopposed in 2011, the 77-year-old Swiss - who has held the role since 1998 - had said he would not contest the next election.
African leaders called on Saturday for the prosecutions of Kenya's and Sudan's presidents by the International Criminal Court to be halted, amid complaints the body has only ever pursued Africans.
Set the terms for a good farmer.
With corrupition thats as old as mankind NEVER unless it guarded by Scortland Yard.
It is clear from her story that once we believe in ourselves; once we become determined, we make it.
Solar energy dealers and users have implored the Government to consider waiving taxes on solar power accessories such as bulbs, wires and inverters for increased use of solar energy by Ugandans.
The Electoral Commission (EC) and the Police will not allow presidential aspirants to engage in any activities such as public rallies which constitute early campaigning.
Find her story in Pakasa only in The New Vision tomorrow.
A sharp rift has emerged in the Ministry of Finance over money given to one of the senior directors from the controversial sh6b oil handshake.
The tournament attracted several HIV/AIDS service inclined institutions.
Current translations lacked the "idiom and music" of isiZulu, Bishop Mlungisi Pius Dlungwane told the BBC.
Your under human power not God's power.
David Ssejusa aka Tinyefuza has asked the Rules and Discipline Committee to allow him testify from his base in UK by Skype or video conferencing.
we know you by persons but it's timing.
The IGG ordered that the recruitment of executive secretary should be terminated and nullified and gets re-done by the Secretariat or an independent audit firm.
Pupils of Nakivubo blue primary school go on with different activities like eating and sharing food, quenching their thirst from the school tap, and some decide to read away during that time.
We need peace in our country.
It is like the usual daily sights on Uganda roads!
They are pressing for a second goal.
🌍😷 In North Africa, for instance, #coronavirus case numbers are sharply declining.
Yet they claim circumsission reduces such risks kati embalu ebayambaki?
What Kiprotich told sponsors and sports administrators .
As if that was not enough, “Lucy” the world's oldest known almost-complete hominid skeleton, more than three million years old, was discovered in this part of the Horn Of Africa had its roots there.
Its like a draft board!
7% of the 2,809 candidates passing in Division One.
Even we had one in Kanyogoga slum.
Kale Kayihura, automatically takes.
Details of his death are yet to be established.
Now what is the role of CID?
0 percent hike in disease and injury compared to those who opt for abstinence.
Tomorrow Africa's Next Top Model will be announced in New york.
The New Vision is with Nakagolo Peace Patricia and Kyazze Cullinz Godwin.
Inba Mr. Universe and Mr. AM World Cup, Ivan Byekwaso is set to turn professional after winning the Natural Bodybuilding World Cup on Saturday.
Irish Ambassador to Uganda Ann Webster has urged stakeholders to critically evaluate whether Uganda still needed the Amnesty Act if all their concerns and fears are addressed in the transitional justice policy draft that is in its final formation.
There is nothing in this pic that shows she is female>.
Uruguay are going to have make two or three changes, completely change the way they play and go for it.
Girls in the salon are offering men much more than the haircut.
The New Vision is with Webisa Ibrahim.
Will NRM retain Arua city Woman MP seat?
Twenty people will serve six hours community service after they were found guilty on Wednesday by a Kampala court of littering the city.
The medical team has asked people to allow her to rest,” NRM secretariat communication officer, Rogers Mulindwa, said.
If you need to drink something, you can take coffee.
Church of Uganda Priest Rev.
It's a duel against Nation Media Group.
I missed a lot on that.
Govt joins World Bank to build $1.
“The Pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity.
this was stage managed.
We bring you what happened and what Kajura was praised for achieving in his ten-year service at the ministry.
It is imperative that mothers breastfeed exclusively for the baby to benefit from nutrients in breast milk.
They are most of tym thieves.
Find more of the story in Saturday Vision.
That place needs strong pastors , priest, father, chaplain,Sheik ah.
Kabaka Ronald Muwenda Mutebi II has asked government to support private schools for proper preparations in the upcoming reopening of schools exercise next year.
I've never seen them on any accident scene.
What is your take on this decision?
The New Vision added 6 new photos — with Ssekitooleko Emmanuel and 5 others at Kololo Independence Grounds.
She got two more delegates than Bernie.
Lets hope it will help because we have so many of these feke goods.
Idf forces conduct searches near Lebanon border after explosions heard in area.
Pin ) e.g 1234.
The same man pioneered private trade in coffee in Uganda back in 1992, breaking the monopoly of the then Coffee marketing Board.
who was committed to his work.
This helps the child to feel compassion and sympathy, while understanding what it really means to hurt someone.
Omukenkufu, Nyanzi Julius of profbioresearch innovates a mosquito repellent perfume from Eucalyptus.
Women parliamentarians in advancing good governance.
Edward Snowden has received a residence permit in Russia, which is valid for three years, starting on August 1, the former NSA contractor’s lawyer announced.
How far with simanyi "togikwatako sijuyi Kogikwatako" !
Why not reward savers who employed the best employer with interests on their savings?
May your love cause me to find new energy, ideas & solutions throughout the day.
"Every day, games are played while waiting for the bus, riding the subway, or lounging on the couch -- but what about live streaming your mobile game-play"?
1% compared to 5.
The deputy executive director of KCCA, Eng.
The New Vision is with Jupiter Garriga Cisternas and 2 others.
More than 60 wealthy nations have joined a WHO-backed programme to facilitate poor countries' access to coronavirus vaccines, but the US and China are not on the list published Monday.
See what happened to inzukuru the poor woman was determin but no one supported ha.
Click here for details👉http://bit.
Of course you had too.
There is nothing like Rwanda tribe.
I have read the article.
Did u kno dat every szon arsenal takes atropy.
#Usiugrad17: @USIUAfrica first ever PhD in International Relations, Doctor of Pychology and second DBA class https://t.
The vancancy was there you people you never applied.
However, he has threatened to leave me if we do not get intimate.
The president made the pledge through state sports Minister Charles Bakkabulindi, as he handed over a Mitsubishi Double cabin L200 to Moses Kipsiro, for his achievement in the 2010 New Delhi Commonwealth Games.
Too as well had no hope of walking again.
M 7 leave our nation.
Mwanshobe kamu batire ebishani murekire abenki bakagyenda?
#Breaking: #Burundi Defense Minister has announced that the Army will not support the violation of the #ArushaAccords.
Mayiga said the public would like to see the perpetrators of these rampant and attempted assassinations being charged and tried to reassure the public.
Photo: #KCCA's Jennifer Musisi and #UNRA's Allen Kagina at the ongoing State of the Nation Addreess.
Countries and Societies should relate with each other on the basis of mutual respect and independence in decision making.
Details of this story in Mwalimu tomorrow!
Tanzania'S Transport and Communication minister has issued a directive, warning his staff not to spend a lot of time on social media at work.
But this is exactly what Kirumira talked about!
To subscribe go to http://epaper.
•We can also position ourselves to use the conference to promote our tourism to attracting foreign investments.
Won't we see a first-half goal, really?
Things heating up at the Uganda Open as junior golfer Michael Alunga leads the field.
The Commercial Court has dismissed with costs the application by SuperSport international limited against FUFA and Azam Media seeking to stop the respondent’s enforcement of their new broadcasting contract for the Azam Uganda Premier League.
The New Vision is with Ndyabitunga Ephraim.
"Continued human rights violations and impunity for perpetrators mean that many of Burundi's people live in terror," Zeid told the U.N. Security Council.
If they are doing this to a green tree what about a dry one.
<P><Em>Uganda'S production of  five milion tonnnes of maize can be absorbed, "provided we solve the problem of quality", says President Museveni.
The Malaika Babies’ Home celebrated its third birthday with an Open Day yesterday at which NGO Ugandans Adopt confirmed the adoptions.
Wherever we are heading .
The first posting shows Kla now this in Ebbs.
Here is the reason why.
Models in lingerie, sengas, and wedding planners in one place.
#Inthenewvision: Pregnant women have continued to die while trekking through the thick jungles of Mt Elgon National Park to Wanale health centre in Mbale district.
No more time for mistakes-Museveni Get the details in the New Vision #EPAPER- https://vpg.
Then Uganda not safe!
The New Vision is with Mckenzie Aaron.
Give me the grace to be happy and help me to keep standing for you Amen.
They suffered me too much!
I notice Mr.Kintu Moses,my OB kakira s.s,who was also headprefect (2nd left) and on extreme right my former MP& State minister for Higher Educ.
Will Bobi Wine replace Besigye?
And here I thought that we were talking about the Ugandan president .
The committee chaired by Kabushenga also has other members who include Alphonse Nkusi (Rwanda), Esperance Ndayizeye (Burundi), Dr. Haron Mwangi (Kenya) and Ndimara Tegambwage (Tanzania).
Mulago is like the worst place to go to when you are sick, because you may die before being treated.
Coercing your wife to have more children than she initially wanted may soon be regarded as a form of domestic violence.
#Icc Prosecutor #Bensouda wants to prosecute #Westgate mall attackers.
Visit website via: www.
The incident follows police raids after the attack on the satirical Charlie Hebdo newspaper in Paris.
Refugees staying in west contribute alot to the labels that enters Uganda.
There rules safe lives.
As we go to places of worship to praise & serve you, God, we pray that you grant each and everyone's prayer.
Uganda is good on good ideas but very poor in implementing them,lets ask our selfs what happened to speed govanors,seat belts etc etc.
From where you are conveniently.
Justice Geoffrey Kiryabwire has been elected as the Vice President of the East African Court of Justice (EACJ), which sits in Arusha, Tanzania.
The National Geographic is an international travel channel affiliated to the National Geograpic Society.
5bn), New Vision Sport has learnt.
Are you sure new vision.
Arua Municipality has decided.
Desperate times call for desperate measures.
Alinyikira could not continue with school after P7 because his father, a peasant farmer, simply could not afford his tuition.
The govt spokesman, why in jail why mishandle him and who was responsible?
Jeez he jx looks lyk shrek.
Minister should differentiate between west Nile and western uganda.
Leaving the grounds, she got out of her car to greet supporters, who had scattered red and yellow flower petals at the entrance.
To those who wish he tests positive should think twice.
Catholics can reduce their time in purgatory by following the Pope of Twitter, according to the Vatican.
Min of Health has noted fake results being communicated, & informs the public that no #COVID19UG results were released on Sunday.
How the son of former minister Omara Atubo suffocated to death in his house.
He knows who he gave the money to.
Assistant Inspector General of Police Joseph Mugisa, said the fire originated from a vehicle in the basement.
Rwanda'S President Paul Kagame has said that there is no reason whatsoever why Rwanda and Uganda cannot work together.
Dear Lord, help me remember what difference it makes when I make time with you a priority every day.
There were several reasons for this dominance of course, and several reasons why it faded away.
Climb the mountain so you can see the world, not so the world can see you.
They just want terror crafts to spew around in the name of the conference.
President Yoweri Museveni has contributed sh60m towards the rehabilitation of Kigezi College Butobere located in Kabale district.
Two Colombian scuba divers who were swept out to sea by a rip tide and spent 48 hours adrift surrounded by sharks and jellyfish survived to tell their tale Wednesday.
3% this year compared to 2.
Statistics from Uganda police show that in 2010 and 2011, there were 2954 and 3343 people respectively who died due to road accidents, showing a 13.
When such things cited, the rulers rush to blame opposition and yet they know what is happening in the countryside, but live in denial.
Not true at all.
Women have an increased risk of miscarriage if they or their partner consume more than two caffeinated drinks a day in the weeks leading up to conception, a new US study found.
Germany is equally concerned about legislation that will impose an array of jail terms for convicted homosexuals, including life imprisonment in certain circumstances.
Follow live updates as defending champions Vipers host BUL hoping to extend their lead at the top of the Uganda Premier League to 5 poins here 👉 bit.
Today, he counsels and supports me morally.
Even in UEFA there are smaller teams that get knocked out along the way.
Ohhh talk of trash gear !
The four are Theodore Ssekikubo (Lwemiyaga County), Mohammed Nsereko (Kampala central), Barnabas Tinkasimire (Buyaga west) and Wilfred Niwagaba (Ndorwa East).
In the 1970s, it was not even possible to assess the extent of this mismanagement in statistical terms because the entire administrative system had almost ceased.
As they bark, you keep quiet n use your energy to get forward.
Have you ever wondered what the jerrycan goes through during the martyrs day celebrations?
Wilberforce Gakuwoile never studied much in school.
Dear friends, today is World AIDS Day and New Vision will give you all the issues concerning HIV/AIDS and the events to mark the day around the globe.
Uganda'S President Yoweri Kaguta has announced a new Cabinet, with Mary Karoro Okurut as the new Minister of Security.
The Commercial Court in Kampala has ordered telecom giant MTN to avail presidential advisor Al Haji Nasser Ntege Sebaggala all recordings and storage devices containing clips of ringtones that were produced from his speeches.
Today marks 47 years ago since Amin expelled Asians.
This child is North Korean.
Any newz abt UCE?
We NEED D VIDEO.
Huessein Addah, Yowasi Kiiza and David Wakaalo, all brigadriers were presented by Ondoga as sureties for his release pending trial.
Forget about it is the party to decide or my family to decide, you too need time to enjoy your retirement.
In Intimate we bring you an interview with SEYI SHAY, REAL NAMES DEBORAH OLUWASEYI JOSHUA, A NIGERIAN SINGER/ SONG-WRITER who was recently in Kampala and is ready to marry a Ugandan.
Bukasa land backfires on the residents, nobody will be compensated and land titles will be cancelled.
The four were forced to resign, while Herbert Rusoke commissioner internal audit was placed under investigation.
Kenya: Duncan Ochieng, Kimani, Othieno, Odhiambo, Juma, David Ochieng, Baraza, Humphrey Ochieng, Kimani, Muyeso, Lavatsa.
For details grab yourself a copy of New Vision #EPAPER - https://vpg.
The early bird catches the worm, so don't miss your copy, at the usual sh1,500, Tuesday morning.
The New Vision is with Matte Ibrahim.
The justices led by Kenneth Kakuru said although Besigye’s petition raises issues for constitutional interpretation, they would not grant him remedies, saying he.
The deal resolves one of the final points in peace talks between the government and FARC.
Guinness World Records recognized her in 2013 as the world's oldest woman.
For the last two weeks, Uganda has been threatening to withdraw from Somalia if a leaked UN report blaming Uganda for supporting the M23 rebel outfit in DRC is published.
What is your say ?
M7 had nothing to do with this fire!
The TAFE 9502, 90HP tractor, with a heavy disc harrow is the ideal machine for you.
“There is absolutely no reason and basis for her to make such a claim.
The government is scheduled to call for bids for construction of the oil refinery from potential investors with in two weeks.
The farm lies on a 400-acre piece of land at Kigezi village, Maddu sub-county in Gomba district.
Kintu said a new date shall accordingly be determined and announced by the Deputy Registrar of the High Court.
"This year's Nobel Laureates have developed therapies that have revolutionized the treatment of some of the most devastating parasitic diseases," the Nobel Assembly at Sweden's Karolinska Institute said in a statement in awarding the prize of 8 million Swedish crowns ($960,000).
Ugandan pathologists in Dubai for Gen.
#Theincompletestory Where did Felix Kaweesi's 'muninkini' Mbabazi go?
-Uganda last hosted the conference in 1967.
Where are the pioneers?
was he the elephant in the room?
In a large bowl, combine flour, baking soda and salt.
Joshua Cheptegei is already at work to prepare for next year.
Since 1986, only the British had helped us with the repair and upgrade of the Owen Falls dam from the miserable 60mgws to 180mgws.
The president has contributed sh10m.
good to hear u r alive Iryn.
Okay, that is 3.
The New Vision is with Byiringiro Ben Thomas and William Otto.
Moses Byanguye the former inspector was charged with two counts of false accounting & causing a financial loss of sh29m to the Government.
These were toys 4 da rich.
At least three people were killed and nine wounded when al-Shabab fired mortars at the presidential palace in Somalia's capital Mogadishu, health officials said.
Instead of woqking for peace they are manufucturing all sorts of destructiv weapons to eliminate humans.
When they put the suitcase through the scanner, the operator noticed something strange, which seemed to be a person inside the case.
A passenger seated could not help but gaze at the sight of the colorfully dressed man.
Watch #NewVisionTV news on Urban Television at 9 pm for details of this event.
Rapper stance earns pope new audience.
For details and more, Subscribe to our #EPAPER; bit.
3 trillion to revive fight against the pandemic.
Those three in (left) hand side don't have parties.
Special Report: Are we having white elephants?
The problem is with the minister of Cooperatives and his commissioner who have turned a deaf ear and blind eye to the fraud that has rocked BCU ever since Government released 9.
"I would like to send a message to the Ugandan Athletics Federation and the Minister of Sport - consider us athletes in Uganda.
The baobab tree has an enormous barrel-like trunk which may reach a diameter of 9m and a height of 18m.
bible says respect ur parents and live long not ur wife .
That is the lesson we learn from Sarah Kizito, the proprietor of Nnalongo Estates and Lady Charlotte.
Thanks in large to the fact that I do not watch Bukedde TV.
30 minutes to kick-off.
Austria, Serbia and Macedonia have taken steps to restrict entry to migrants, angering Greece, which fears the controls will cause a bottleneck.
The leader of the Progressive Teachers' Union, Raymond Majongwe, said schoolteachers were being forced to contribute up to $10 towards the feast.
In just a period of one weekend, I ran into three of my exes.
"I don't think it is something you should be doing, it's as simple as that," said Rodgers.
Intelligence, emotional strength and body shape is determined by the mother.
Out of 10 rate his dance skills.
We dont have to go anywhere to worship him.
Which fool with a Msc in Clinical psychology is going to work at Butabiika, amidst all those mental patients, for such low pay?
However, it appears that the Uganda govt under mu7 had failed to respect the UNCRC which this very govt signed.
The Democratic Party (DP) Buganda region vice president, Betty Nambooze, has said DP targets to win over 50 seats for MPs countrywide to compete favorably with other political parties in Parliament come 2016.
But I want to inform Ugandans that immediately after recovering, I will ask for a rematch”.
The New Vision is with Tappy Naigaga.
Backwardness is killing this people.
God have mercy on these people naye its too much!
She added that the assisted death had taken place according to Belgian law.
The split would increase the number of Members of Parliament from the sparsely populated but expansive district.
Try to see a situation the way your children do.
If you can see the positive sides of everything, you'll be able to live a much richer life than others.
go boldly for your dreams and aspirations.
In the photo is an unidentified person leaving an abandoned kiosk at the Nsambya traffics light junction.
President Yoweri Museveni is expected to face the CHOGM probe today.
The New Vision is with NtawoJohnson Johnson and 7 others.
The New Vision added 13 new photos — with Bosco NK and 8 others.
But she chose to beat her own way in life.
Read the story in Saturday Vision.
The National Forestry Authority (NFA), has been told to explain how the trees at Nagojje in Mabira forest reserve, Mukono were allocated in a controversial manner to Fred Tumusiime, a private investor.
"Living in dreams of yesterday, we find ourselves still dreaming of impossible future conquests," Charles Lindbergh.
Farazia Akankwasa delivered by the roadside en route to Kagadi Hospital – some 40km away from her home – but her placenta got stuck inside her womb.
Find out details about the proposal that, if adopted, will stop parents from using child labour in gardens and farms.
Managing Editor Nancy Gibbs explains why Francis is TIME's choice for Person of the Year 2013.
The Muslim brother hood called for a boycott.
“If it’s successful we’ll look at rolling it out, if it’s not successful, we won’t".
In today's New Vision, find out why farmers in some regions of the country have been told not to plant crops yet.
On Sunday, Kyengera town on the outskirts of Kampala was the scene of what many men are still yet to believe.
The clergy of Kampala Diocese have rejoiced at the achievements registered by Archbishop Stephen Kaziimba in the last one year since he was installed as the Bishop of Kampala.
And It's 100TH OF ITS KIND Since NRM Junta Came in.
It'S 6:30am and so far, a glance up high indicates it is going to be a warm Tuesday.
Here are the details 👉🏽 https://t.
Do you have alternative less congested routes?
Mobile Internet sites face a new threat as millions download ad-blockers to their phones and tablets, removing pesky adverts but potentially wiping out billions of dollars in advertising revenue.
He also visited FDC party headquarters as part of his campaign tour of fundraising for the Etoofali.
This was revealed by state minister for finance in charge of general duties, Fred Omach.
The New Vision is with Patrick Bwango and Andama Julius Olum.
Us Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Wednesday that Washington had seen 'evidence' Russia could be planning an invasion on Ukraine, threatening Moscow with painful economic sanctions if it attacks.
Jess Lind i forgot traditionally buying a new clothe to enable me to go to church.
Father lord, protect and guide my family from the hands of evil doers, remove every darkness in our various home & let there be light in the name of JESUS i pray.
How does one make money if they buy shares?
What are Spain's chances tonight and in this #WorldCup2014 generally?
I think Museveni just wanted to pass the burden to future generations.
There's a fundamental problem when peasants sell their vote at a cost as low as sh500".
#Martyrsday2021:Martyrs Day celebration at the Namugongo Catholic Shrine.
The New Vision is with Ashiraf Lacky Wellborn.
I just wonder how the motion will be debated.
I was almost forgetting about the VP of Uganda.
As Uganda counts a 40% reduction in AIDS-related deaths in the past decade, the Uganda AIDS Commission (UAC) wants Government to levy a special tax on alcohol and cigarette to fund HIV programmes.
Xi has all this power.
We love you Keturah may the heavens shine brighter as u enjoy your ultimate peace.
His main concern was proximity and affordability.
Busia district has a total of over 168,000 voters that were registered by the Electoral Commission, of which 78,000 were registered as members of the NRM party.
A group of councilors in Rubaga Division ran riot and shunned a council meeting when they were served with black tea with no 'escort' []]snack].
#Westgate A video footage out recently seem to show Kenyan soldiers looting during the Westgate siege.
Tune in to the Expo live on all Vision Group TV channels.
2b from the Prime Minister’s Office.
At least ten people, including the two pilots, died when a plane crashed at an airstrip in South Sudan's Jonglei state, the region's governor and the airline said.
A draft report seen by New Vision indicates that Prime Minister Amama Mbabazi, foreign affairs minister Sam Kutesa and internal affairs minister Hilary Onek were not found guilty.
Confronted about the video which shows Emuobor a free man Lokodo maintained his earlier claim.
Sm , rule of law and God governance .
The New Vision Today,Get yourself a copy or read our epaper on http://epaper.
The New Vision is with Enoch Mutebi.
Speaking while receiving an ultra sound machine from UK based Ganda Boys Foundation, Kiberu said; "the renovation is aimed at improving maternal and reproductive health care, emergency care and non communicable diseases.
Networks such as Tor are vital resources for those wishing to use the internet securely like whistleblowers, journalists, and political dissidents.
New vision stop this madness just bse u want people to buy ur useless paper.
“Is there a candidate?
Egypt's ministers of tourism, environment, communication and legal affairs tendered their resignations on Monday a day after massive protests against President Mohamed Morsi swept the country, a senior government official said.
In a press statement released Wednesday, the minister said,"The Government of Uganda maintains a neutral stance to the conflict in South Sudan and calls for restraint from the parties involved".
President Yoweri Museveni has appreciated the work of the generals who have retired.
Pope Francis: May my visit to Africa is a sign of the Church’s esteem for all religions, and strengthen our bonds of friendship.
This was in a declaration made at the end of an emergency meeting called by President Yoweri #Museveni in his capacity as the chairperson of the regional body, the International Conference on the Great Lakes Region (#ICGLR).
By Sylvia JuukoOil will bring substantial revenue only for a limited periodAS Uganda readies for future oil production, the need for the creation of a separate account for the revenues which are managed .
#Fess from Kenya performing at the #TPF6 opening gala.
Jehovah does not live in buildings.
The watchdog said officers had been called by a member of the public, who became concerned for the man, who appeared to be injured.
Can'T they carry out the test on themselves?
Twitter / BarackObama: Four more years.
🎄🎅🏽 Christians have been tasked with opening their hearts to #Jesus Christ on a day of celebration across the world.
It's the same with music, especially reggae, says Frank Lipman, MD.
Earlier September 11th, the “Sitya Loss” singer lost his cool, pounced at Dembe FM journalist Kasuku, and pelted him with several blows that sent the journalist straight to the floor.
Reminds me of Aki!
I hardly see him, I need help I don’t know what else to do.
The business community in the capital Kampala under their umbrella body, KACITA, has resolved to suspend using the Kenyan Mombasa port until the issues surrounding the new taxes is resolved.
#Burundi protests into day 5.
The New Vision is with Kim Malegha Jockim.
ive slaughtered my two heavy pigs!
There are fake HIV-testing kits on the market, health experts have warned.
When our finances are not in a desirable state, it is easy to convince ourselves that we got things under control.
The New Vision added 10 new photos — with Douglas Kyambadde and Mugisha Morgan Fred.
#Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has predicted that his team will not be back to 100% until after the English Premier League fixtures resume.
Remeber to Save a little always and seek to learn, learn and learn.
Today this millionaire owns Global Paints a leading local paints manufacturer.
S,The Rulling Government Will Always Be Bad To Any Lazy Man On Earth.
Museveni SLAMS SHOOTING OF PROTESTERS .
President Yoweri Museveni had a time with Japanese Prime minister.
Toyota tundra=500,000 toyota hilux=450,000 nissan altima=400,000 coaster bus=550,000, contact CUSTOM Alhaji Sanni on (07031037284) seme boarder nigeria.
Very funny front page with all these jobless graduates u hire s4 leavers then again that man carrying a basket?
I work 6 nights a week in a gym.
Find his story in the New Vision today and check and like Pakasa Vision for more.
Happening NOW: Signing Ceremony of the Agreement on Reunification of #SPLM in Arusha Tanzania.
Authorities have identified the deceased as Fred Muwanga 32, also popularly called Peter Kiplagat and was shot dead by a yet to be identified assailant.
No prizes for guessing what is common in these names.
On this episode of the #NewVisionPodcast, Louis Lakor narrates how he became a child soldier of the LRA and the transformations he has undergone to become the man that he is today.
Wasswa Donald August copy?
I can sense it.
We also have a related video here👉🏽 https://t.
More than two million people have been affected in Mozambique, Zimbabwe and Malawi where the storm started as a tropical depression causing deadly flooding which.
Find out why the MPs gave him more time to prepare his defence.
Pour butter sauce over wings; toss to mix well.
Champions: Uganda's Sports Club Victoria University beat Kenya's AFC Leopards in the inaugural Cecafa Nile Basin Cup to win a cash prize of $30,000.
17 Ugandans qualify for Tusker Project Fame Season six Nairobi Competition.
Circumstances surrounding his arrest are unclear, although the RPS for Kampala South, Sirahe Bakaleke, says Sejusa was holding an unlawful assembly to launch his presidential bid.
That happens wen a woman really appreciates his man and provides the much needed care irrespective of the financial stands, job and actually every thg about the family of the man.
If an equal pay is reasonable then we shall stay and teach.
Museveni to meet clerics over exemption of taxes.
just wait n see what z called swag in lira!
That’S how the state plays to waste time of its opponents.
Over 80,000 enumerators were to be recruited before July to move from house to house.
The telecommunication regulator, UCC says was never consulted on mobile money tax.
For professional Web Solutions: Web Hosting, Website Designing, Web Application Development, Redesigning of Website, Content Updates and addition of more features like E-commerce, payment gateways, to the existing Websites.
If you are using this route, please take note.
According to Ann Galiwango, the KCCA director of education and social services, part of the money will be used to pay teachers’ salaries and clear outstanding debts.
The suspected killers are attached to the Counter-Terrorism (CT) directorate.
It was put up overnight illegally in the centre of the Israeli commercial capital in a square named after former premier Yitzhak Rabin, who was assassinated in 1995 by a Jewish extremist.
Details in New Vision #EPAPER -https://vpg.
You tell us that crap as if we are all plane crews or pilots of some sort, or at worst even plane mechanics,.
Firebrand Ingrid Turinawe, the secretary for mobilization.
Namazzi who was a student of St. Marks College Namagoma was kidnapped on March 19 and her body was discovered the following day in Namasuba Kikajjo.
With 2k, get yourself a copy of the New Vision.
The New Vision is with Prince Tonny Joseph Muyego and 4 others.
"Some of these presidential candidates are not known; they have never held high positions in office.
From WhatsApp: "Baby matovu James Kinene, this valentine's day will be incomplete without you, greetings from Mom and Dad".
Like Pakasa Vision page for more regular updates.
“I was supposed to be paid sh142b but because I owed government sh24b, they paid me less by that amount.
Kauma makes #Sebaggala read his statement where he said MTN had 10million customers.
Democratic Republic of Congo troops killed 10 soldiers from neighbouring Burundi after they crossed the border last week in pursuit of rebels, the Congolese army said Monday.
Can this reporter learn how to pronounce the new President's name, otherwise it sounds terrible!
It is one of the six townships or Wards that constitute Kira Municipality in Wakiso District.
- lady get off the guy`s life and concetrate on studying that someone new u hve.
God save our brothers and sisters in Kasese,a call 2 gov't,hurry cz dat situation needs immediate attention.
#Okuziikakasiryeggwanga: Okusibula munnamagye Kasirye Ggwanga.
A South African judge on Wednesday allowed prosecutors to appeal to seek a murder verdict against Oscar Pistorius, who was found guilty on a lesser charge of culpable homicide for killing his girlfriend.
The minister for ethics and integrity Fr.
We want Government to have a say on that issue, it has been quite, are we really safe?
Ask KIPROTICH: What questions do you want VISION GROUP to ask Kipsiro when we get to interview him?
#Askthepau: What are the opportunities for Ugandan Small and Medium sized Enterprises and businesses and what are the procedures for the awarding of the contracts?
Where did this woman get time to be smart and even put on a mask?
The truth is that it's actually very healthy.
Network can happen online and offline, so don;t be afraid to pick up that phone and ask to meet someone for a coffee!
What about the 'cult' you created at the ministry .
Sometimes, depending on the tax policy of a given country, a tariff could be set as high as 60%.
Kololo, an upscale Kampala suburb.
A very unhappy Zambia team conclude training and return to their hotel.
#Breaking: President Yoweri Museveni has today tweeted.
😷 It's up to all of us to keep our children and ourselves safe and healthy.
Unfortunately, Shakira remained in the boat n she didn't survive.
Then, alternate weekends of treating each other to everything from ice cream to the movies.
Some children grow up without affirmation from parents or others and this makes them believe they are not good enough.
His father died when he was only six, leaving his mother, an uneducated subsistence farmer, to take care of him and his four siblings.
The 279 adverts were put up in 14 cities including Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou, Hong Kong-based campaign group Animals Asia said.
Only 6 died and the world is morning but hundreds die daily is south Sudan and the world even doesn't seem to notice!
There is a decline from 140,000 to 200,000 cases of fistula over the last half decade.
U say the wicked opposition MPs who have the same brains like their counterpart Mumbere originally supported his stupidity attacks in Kasese.
Museveni said this on Sunday, where he also posted two photos with his family wearing masks and social distancing to contain the spread of the deadly virus.
4:Can'T the share holders 'pool' resources to salvage UTL?
Not schools hospitals etc.
The New Vision is with Nakibirango Saudah.
u came to concure,u mai not know ur end.
While we have Ugandan laws, it has been discovered that Bank of Uganda uses foreign laws on banks.
Find the details in New Vision.
We do wish you aMERRY CHRISTMAS AND A PROSPEROUS,JOYFUL,BLESSED NEW YEAR.
Henry Tumukunde, will have to continue serving the army following his conviction and sentence over conduct prejudicial to good order and discipline of the defence forces.
It was jst a matter of time.
So you billionares might donate but our fathers are thieves,we shall only end up getting one borehole in the whole district!
Beta luk for Jesus.
Nssf and Vision Group boost Uganda Cranes Initiative (UCI)with big offers.
I am told when peasants in Gomba meet Museveni he talks to them in a casual manner.
I had a dream, I did not have capital, but I achieved it through struggle,” said Solomon Kasibante, the director, Serene Chemical Products Ltd and subject of our lead story this week says.
I could see a future with him but am confused on how to proceed.
3% of children were subjected to caning by teachers under the pretext of “pushing” them to attain higher academic grades.
Find out what this means, in your copy of the New Vision.
Brazil, Rio de Janeiro : Germany's midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger (L) embraces Argentina's forward and captain Lionel Messi during extra-time in the final football match between Germany and Argentina for the FIFA World Cup at The Maracana Stadium in Rio de Janeiro on July 13, 2014.
How Comes That Your Children Work In Ur Banana Plantation Bt U Cook Bananas 4 Only Visiters.
The government produces NOTHING.
Deo Kayemba has been elected the new board chairperson of the Uganda Manufacturers Association (UMA) during the 2021 annual general members meeting.
14 trillion lost to corruption every year is saved.
95% of a dry eggshell is calcium carbonate.
There is heavy traffic jam along Jinja Road and Fridays are notorious for heavy jams.
Mondo Kagonyera advised the graduates to put their skills in practical.
Competent traffic officers to be recruited from army and deployed on all roads 24hrs come rain or sunshine.
My worry is won’t the relationship affect my progress at work?
The New Vision is with Bryan Tumuheise.
Dat z y i usually says that this government z very fake ,billions of shiling one person yet prices of food re increasing everyday,taxes re high coz they recovering the lost money they uhey have stolen,if i was a pesident i just kill those such a people other than killing a innocent people!
Too much hype by media.
Land probe commission chairperson Justice Catherine Bamugemereire is rooting for mediation.
Uganda has confirmed 8 new cases of coronavirus bringing the total number to 9.
[Ad]: World Children’s Day (20th November) is an annual celebration for children, by children!
Congratulations to the Flair For Her Uganda winners - Beatrice Kentaro and Vivian Namulunda.
ug/together for Prudential’s free Covid-19 diagnosis benefit.
The move comes two days after the Ebola virus claimed another life on Sunday, bringing the death toll in the latest outbreak of the infectious disease in the country to five.
Happy xmas to you New Vision staff.
Sometimes women are right coz men that are rich tend to be so busy and family is left unattended to.
These people need our prayers.
5b budget support to Uganda over corruption.
Get the full story in Sunday Vision.
He added: "I don't know whether the silence will end tomorrow or last until the end of our World Cup campaign".
worried about people drinking contaminated water because it's not like they've been outside Uganda!
You mean they used to have a bank of supporters at their headquarters!
"Happy valentines to Pearl and Alex"!
If the meeting was official why didn't they invite other media.
8 million Ugandan women aged 15-49 are currently using contraceptives.
Museveni appoints new Uganda Land Commission.
Nrm supporters converged in Kiboga on Sunday to celebrate their triumph in the parliamentary age limit debate.
Opposition Forum for Democratic Change has fired most of its top National Executive Committee members.
That means the poor will not afford to give offertory in this corrupt Country Uganda.
Problems a meant 2 b faced by people nt non living tings!
The late prof Mukibi, he was an extra ordinary and realistic lecturer who made great achievement in increasing the population of Uganda by theory of malthusian.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
🥊🏅 #InternationalWomensDay is around the corner.
More of a snake head!
The South African Bible Society had translated the Bible from isiXhosa - the second most popular language in South Africa - to isiZulu in the 1950s, the cleric said.
Its the first time to see sense out of your statement.
Share with us your valentines pictures or videos via WhatsApp.
- To Make Frosting: Combine 3 tablespoons softened butter, 3 tablespoons cocoa, honey, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, and 1 cup confectioners' sugar.
The Assistant Secretary for U.S. Department of State's Bureau of African Affairs, Tibor Nagy has called for the immediate release of lawyer Nicholas Opiyo.
Owl Entertainment is a promotional , musical platform , designed and created for Artistes, Producers, Videographers, Models, Sports Personalities, DJ's.
God guide us from any infections and keep us healthy.
Be guided in the language you understand best while filing your tax returns.
Financial scam costs Uganda sh52.
I think dat people hav understood.
I grew up watching him break world records.
be wise eh common!
Advertise with us now, call: 0772460776.
There are no permanent friends in this world.
President Kaguta Museveni will deputise Queen Elizabeth of the UK as patron of the #64CPC2019, running up to September 29.
Get the details in Saturday Vision already at your favorite stall.
The New Vision is with Sheilah Kabs and 2 others.
They were voluntarily surrendered by civilians for the government’s amnesty since 2020.
I would like to take this time to welcome His Holiness Pope Francis.
In fact Owino market makes the whole city look like one big slum.
Makerere University is set to recall degrees and diplomas awarded to students whose marks were altered to give them First Class.
The New Vision is with Kag Henry.
Hopefully a slice of the profits go into Uganda's cash reserves instead of some billionaire's pockets?
The Zika virus has been transmitted sexually, top US health authorities confirmed on Tuesday, fueling fears of the rapid spread of the disease blamed for a surge in the number of brain-damaged babies.
She converts rubbish into feeds, does zero grazing, grows maize on trays, rears fish in tanks while carrying out aquaponics.
Dr. Margaret Mungherera, a senior consultant psychiatrist, said there are some policemen who have mental health problems.
Msgr Kasibante speaking on Monday at St Matia Mulumba Parish during a holy mass for the team that is charged with sensitizing the people about the 22 Uganda Martyrs.
The Parliamentary Police have arrested a woman for allegedly attempting to bribe Eastern Uganda youth MP Peter Ogwang.
Do you know any teacher that deserves to be recognized?
#Crocosaurus Cove: Swim with Deadly Saltwater #Crocodiles, #Australia.
So style up my friend.
I seem to agree with KB.
Let today be a new beginning and be the best that you can, and you'll get to where God wants you to be.
Although President Yoweri Museveni is expected in Kakumiro for the Heroes' Day celebrations, he took this morning to visit the family of the late Ibrahim Abiriga.
** Get the online epaper anywhere in the world online or on mobile here.
You are either seated at the table or part of somebody’s menu.
Jurgen Klopp's side saw off old rivals Manchester United as a 1-1 second-leg draw at Old Trafford on Thursday saw them win their last-16 tie 3-1 on aggregate.
The New Vision is with Abwoyo Apwoyo and 8 others.
First of all, her husband refused to rent for her a house and instead, the husband’s friend gave them two rooms in his lodge, where they have stayed with their children for about six years.
Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
The New Vision is with Manuela Mercy.
For now he can only stick to the three offspring that he already has with the woman he says brought unto him that pain.
The Soviet Union used inmates in Gulags to conduct many experiments about poisons.
We know you have liked the New Fresh Look.
Scott has regularly stood in for the president at events but is of Scottish descent and his parents were not born in Zambia, so a constitutional clause on parentage would nullify his candidacy.
Global sales of tablet computers fell for a fourth consecutive quarter, as buyers put off replacement or looked to alternative devices, a survey showed Thursday.
Uganda only needs not more than 3 political parties.
The government of South Sudan was in a free fall.
😳Who said #football is easy?
Taraji P. Henson stood for her.
Mubs students have blocked the main Jinja road protesting the death of their colleagues who were run down by a speeding vehicle via Simon Masaba.
To Senior Six Vacists, Congratulations upon excelling in your A- level exams.
So it comes to pass that the person you love has got a job transfer to a remote region or to a far off country.
The park is home to more than 10 species.
It is estimated that 300,000 people were killed and others tortured to death during Amin’s eight-year reign.
It is a top-of-the-table clash, but it is still goalless after 12 minutes of playing.
By Cyprian MusokeFORMER NSSF boss David Jamwa and his deputy, Mondo Kagonyera, have paid back most of the money they had taken as advances.
'Krokodil' is a homemade opiate made from over-the-counter headache pills, iodine, gasoline, paint thinner or alcohol.
Putin’S disparaging remarks were made during an interview with France’s TF1 television and Europe 1 radio, during which he weighed in on a wide range of issues, including tensions over his country’s intervention in Ukraine and this Friday’s commemorations marking the70th anniversary of D-Day in France.
Thanks to president Museven for his good dreams to we Ugandans.
You will find that they haven't half the strength you think they have," Norman Vincent Peale.
The South African Police have issued a statement.
Thx guys,it was amaizin havin been ta only dude to go thru ta audio auditionz xo plizzzzz frndz n family,i min fbk fam,plizzz like ma audition footage on utube xoon to b posted xo i can go direct in ta accdemy withot the sec audotionz plizzzzzzzzz thnxx.
You sure gave me a chance to start a political career that will not just end with this Presidential election.
So, when this lean runner from Kapchorwa bounced back on Sunday finishing second at the prestigious Tokyo Marathon, there was reason to take note.
The progress we have achieved is testimony we can reach further goals.
I am 30 years old, but my elder brother is becoming problematic.
Find out what Bishop of Bunyoro-Kitara Diocese, Samuel Kahuma has to say about the “hard-to-lead generation”.
Five people were critically injured and 15 others sustained minor injuries.
Museveni Lauds NRM over women empowerment .
Tuli mu Nguliko njerere ne DJ Shiru ayingiddewo.
It is fair to say the band owes much of its success to Martin, who signed them in 1962 to his label Parlophone, which was famous for releasing comedy records at the time by the likes of legendary actor Peter Sellers.
Terminal benefits is also an income thus must be levied accordingly.
This morning, @UG_Airlines is widening its regional operations with its inaugural flight to #Zanzibar on East Africa's coast.
Nyeko defeated Elijah Owobusingye and seven others to become Makindye East MP.
The embattled Pioneer Easy Bus Company has been given two more weeks to clear the sh8b tax debt.
“Although this has been a difficult decision, we believe it provides us with the best opportunity for success on the pitch.
President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni has arrived in the Ethiopian capital Addis Ababa where he joins other heads of State for the 13th Ordinary Summit of the Intergovernmental Authority on Development (IGAD).
As the Judiciary grapples with an array of problems ranging from financial constraints to shortage of manpower, MPs have heard that it will cost sh1b to procure ceremonial wigs for the 76 justices of the Supreme Court, Court of Appeal and High Court.
Macadamia is the most expensive nut in the world.
This 32- year-old earns a living from making accolades New Vision TV offers analyzed news content on trending stories in Uganda, be it politics, business, an.
Intelligence probes Bryan White, SK Mbuga money transfers.
Papal stories can be got here.
The World of today everything is war > people are dying .
At least 27 people have been reported killed in a road accident on their way from neighbouring South Sudan to Uganda.
They are so far the only members who have expressed interest in contesting for the party’s topmost seat.
A new addition here along Buganda road.
Obed Musinguzi Tutegyerize, 25, was last week discharged from hospital after fully recovering from Marburg fever.
Saturday Vision has the full story.
The Rwandan authorities have yet to comment on the violence.
I am excited and ready and as soon as it begins I lose interest completely.
the fighting is extra but where on earth a u going to get a wife that doesn't quarrel?
#Fuzu: What is the biggest hurdle that you have faced or are currently facing as a job seeker?
Details in Sunday Vision, #EPAPER: https://is.
This is just a kilometre from my residence.
More frequent and more intense armed conflicts have taken place in Africa over the past 30 years than in any other continent, researchers say.
President Yoweri Museveni has said Uganda will next year borrow $300m (about sh774b) from various local funds for road infrastructure development, saying the country needs to improve and expand its road infrastructure because of the pressure and demand from the population.
- Mbarara university staff, vice-chancellor clash.
We have our own dynamics and whoever thinks that Uganda's politics is not partly influenced by the west is a big joker, M7 has been made to overturn policies and legislations they see as uncivilised and he has succembed often.
Who are they anyway, just football funs!
Charles Otim - Munu, aged 40 now but was 36 at the time the UPDF captured him in 2005, asked government to forgive his colleague Acellam so as to get more resources from him that might be viable to further defeat the LRA still in the bush.
This week Coca-Cola Rated Next: Sing It IS COMING TO KAMPALA!
"The world today is experiencing cyber-attacks which are growing in sophistication, frequency and gravity.
However, she praised her 20 year old husband who is in Kisoro to attend his uncle’s burial for being a good father.
Ex-Regional co-operation state minister, Isaac Musumba, is battling the National Environmental Management Authority(NEMA) over a sh5.
#Teamhisia from Tanzania takes the stage.
Even after agreeing to the divorce, Prof.
Sion i lack airplane mode bt only flight mode in my fone Now wic z wic ?
Ministry of Internal Affairs, Assistant Administrative officer, Dennis Oguti was the final winner of Uganda Breweries V& A drink valentine promotion.
Sarah Akello, 23, a mother of five girls, makes bricks to sell and fend for her children.
So far this year, 364,808 measles cases were reported around the world, compared to 129,239 cases during the first seven months a year earlier.
AYODELE (GCS) ON +2348160734316 for more detais.
I do not know what would have happened to Jamilu Mukulu if he was in Rwanda.
Mugabe who ruled Zimbabwe since independence from British colonial rule in 1980 was forced to quit by the military.
Africa must work for prosperity through integration but more importantly, dedicate resources to ensuring strategic security, President Yoweri Museveni has said.
All couples will now be allowed to have two children, the state-run news agency said, citing a statement from the Communist Party.
The Rwenzori regional police spokesperson Lydia Tushabe has said that the police are now treating the attackers in the districts of Kasese and Bundibugyo as a militia group.
Uganda Cranes starting XI vs Togo in Lome has been released.
Nssf is a retirement package.
a widow offered only two copper coins and her offertory was received and appreciated.
So hw do our leaders start thinking of creating markets for foreign companies on the local scene for expensive stuff whn the locals lack the financial capacity.
Guevara was wounded, captured, and executed the next day.
Y have the options.
She is also board chairperson for the Association of Uganda Tour Operators and and former Vice President of the Uganda Tourism Association - UTA.
The New Vision added 4 new photos — in Wakiso, Uganda.
The New Vision is with Ernest Otumun and 2 others.
Court has sentenced Geoffrey Kazinda, the former principal account in the Office of the Prime Minister (OPM) to five years in prison.
But how could they have managed to operate the illegal kitchen for months?
Ssekandi was speaking at the 3rd National Saemaul Undong Leaders Convention in Kampala over the weekend, attended by over 11 districts.
The opening 45 minutes here have produced no goal.
But how does a parent do this?
Desmond Tutu followed his spiritual calling to create a better, freer, and more equal world," the Bidens said.
At the time of her death, Mother Teresa's Missionaries of Charity had over 4,000 sisters, and an associated brotherhood of 300 members, operating 610 missions in 123 countries.
“My lord, I was tempted by satan to defile the girl.
"Whether it is form of intimidation or actual violence from your competitors, don't get violent," advises the Party's Secretary General, Justine Kasule Lumumba.
Mr bella paul, i think you need sme help to understand not always post things contrary 2 the topic!
Do not miss Intimate in the Saturday Vision.
(Rtd) Jessica Alupo, the Minister of Education and Sports.
5m raised by St. Mary’s Kisubi and Namugongo Martyrs'' Secondary School.
"Let us remember: One book, one pen, one child, and one teacher can change the world," Malala Yousafzai.
release, is rated PG-13 by the Motion Picture Association of America for "intense sequences of violence and action throughout, and some sensuality".
In the face of #COVID19UG, President Kaguta Museveni is encouraging us to continue behaving cautiously while maintaining social distance, washing hands as many times, & advises those sneezing to please keep away from the public.
Session resumes inside the Supreme Court.
There are many useless government officials and politicians who receive billions of shillings for doing no work at all walking freely on our streets.
) and go from there.
It emerged on the internet yesterday that Tanzanian musician, Diamond Platinumz, had conducted a secret DNA test on baby Tiffah in South Africa.
Father in the name of Jesus we come unto you with grateful hearts.
The opposition blames him for the economic crisis and is calling for a referendum on removing him from office.
They would have left them to eat after all it had been killed!
They remain in detention at the police cells at the main international airport until the fine is paid.
Traders close shops as they go on.
The Government's controversial "Go home" advertising campaign against illegal immigrants may get a nationwide roll-out, according to the Immigration Minister - despite its poster being banned.
The number of cabinet secretaries is set to be increased to 22 from the current 18.
If we dnt act now there will be no land for the dead cause thieves have Uganda.
As modalities are being discussed by the government and the Papal Nuncio, the Pope's representative in Uganda, over the details of the visit.
If the research was done by Makerere Medical School, i wud comment.
Ibrahim Seguya from Busiro said many people had refused to contribute anything until they know what is in the report.
The New Vision added 7 new photos — with Jibreel Shakur Tekkwor.
Glory holes are used for dam's to drain excess water during dry seasons.
#Breaking: The Supreme Court has halted the implementation of a court order to have #RebelMPs thrown out of #Uganda Parliament.
When it rains it sweeps all the crops and when it is dry more bad news.
"He said he felt threatened in his country and wants to seek asylum in Switzerland," he said.
The rustlers are merciless and once they meet a woman, they rape you and force you to join them," Maria Adungo said.
We Wish U Success.
He was acquitted of the first charge and sentenced to a severe caution for the second charge.
The poor will never get justice in this country.
Cos they know they will use money to manipulate their death sentences, while the poor an the week will face death penalties.
"God willing" _ Did he say that while his brothers where bombing kyadondo grounds killing the innocent ?
 Avoid staircase railings.
Nissan has suspended the functions of an app that could have been used to hack its Leaf electric cars.
Government, Tuesday, released a report on performance of local governments with Ibanda district emerging the highest ranked in the Financial Year 2020/2021.
Hard working is all about people's mind sets/attitude.
But I thought kdf is there!
Buganda Lukiko Openning in pictures.
Retired Supreme Court judge George Kanyeihamba is accusing the American embassy in Kampala of humiliating him by blocking him from accessing the ambassador.
👌🏽 Half-an-hour gone in this game and it is still goalless.
Sall had proposed 15 reforms in all, including limiting presidential terms to two mandates and expanding the powers of the national assembly and the constitutional council.
There is no covid in Africa, just African leaders are thieves and dictators want to use it a weapon to toture opposition in their poor countries.
Stephenkiprotich given sh2m, scholarship to study at Makerere university when he passes exams.
•Parliament of Uganda will only cater for the delegates’ transport, refreshments and meals.
Da trip shud b to luzira for fifty yrs.
The New Vision is with Ssekitooleko Emmanuel and Anirov Raymond.
Girls on their way to school in Nepal.
The aircraft carrier USS George HW Bush will be accompanied by the guided-missile cruiser USS Philippine Sea and the guided-missile destroyer USS Truxtun.
OVER fifty prizes were given out.
This at the Athletes Village.
Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu's Twitter feed briefly followed a Persian erotica account before unfollowing it on Sunday, The Times of Israel reports.
A video posted to YouTube shows Pizzeria Don Ernesto’s Enzo Cacialli climbing over a security barrier with the custom-made pizza in hand as he and a crew of employees call out, “Papa!
The issue of bone is not determined by the president.
The New Vision is with Andy Mugabe.
Both sides have repeatedly traded blame for breaking an August 26 peace deal, the eighth such agreement.
Deputy speaker of Parliament Jacob Oulanyah on Wednesday said the Appointments Committee followed the Rules of Procedure of Parliament in giving a fair hearing to Erios Aidah Nantaba who had been nominated to become a state minister.
Otherwise there is a risk that the whole system will completely break down,” Dimitris Avramopoulos, EU Commissioner for Migration, Home Affairs and Citizenship, told the media on Thursday.
The driver’s cabin of the prisons truck flew off, killing the unidentified truck driver inside.
Internal Affairs Minister; Gen.
The New Vision is with Violet Otiti.
"It has now been confirmed sadly that seven members of the public have died," Cressida Dick told reporters, raising the toll from six victims earlier.
President John Evans Attah Mills of Ghana has been confirmed dead at a Military Hospital in Accra.
Ateluna an employee of Plan Uganda is a daughter to a retired assistant inspector of Police Julius Emukule of Komolo Zone, Mella Sub County in Tororo District.
Is she a He?
It could be something as simple as the cute dog on the train or an excellent lunch, but always start your evening with something positive.
Let them do it fasta fasta.
Society needs to clean up because the justification for this is ridging.
I wonder who would resolve succession issues if a priest died and left a lawyer son for a crook and he steals parish land.
#Breaking: #FIFA bans #Suarez for nine matches, four months from football-related activity after bite.
Covid-19 updates: Vaccine for less than 10 euros.
American diplomat who cooks luwombo better than Ugandans .
Prince David Wasajja of Buganda, musician Iryn Namubiru and a city tycoon, John Fredrick Kiyimba is commonly known as Freeman are among the survivors.
Dancing competition for the Toto parents.
to look for the firms but let Ugandans participate in identifying the players in the oil sector.
God for your our saviour and healer of all diseases.
Dear Lord, arise and save us from the devil's snares that he has set for us in form of sickness, accidents, wars, and financial uncertainty.
The President’s talk comes after he rejected to sign the Sugar Bill 2016 into law over failure to allow zoning.
'There is no smoke where there is no fire',.
The plane is ecpected to be in #Entebbe by 1pm.
Then plant your tomato on top.
On the morning of January 25, 1971, former public service and cabinet affairs minister Joshua Wakholi was at his home in Entebbe preparing to go to office in Wandegeya.
Ten Ugandan farmers are to win a fully-paid trip to the Netherlands, courtesy of a competition launched by Vision Group to identify the best farmers in the country.
It’S sad all this is happening to the opposition.
In post-election violence in 2007 at least 1,000 were killed in ethnic-fuelled fighting, some of which Kenyatta is being accused of orchestrating.
Uganda took the lead earlier in their World Cup qualifier against Togo when a Miya's free-kick was diverted to goal in the first half.
Teen singer Justin Bierber shows off new muscular physique.
She posted on her social media page yesterday.
The New VisionWhat about reporting this to Ugandans?
Desist from violence, Muntu calls on opposition MPs.
Opposition political parties have dismissed claims by President Yoweri Museveni that they want to overthrow the Government through the walk-to-work protest.
Thank you precious Holy Spirit for the gift of life.
The statement, which was signed by the Kampala Metropolitan East Regional Police Commander Siraje Bakileke, indicated that they had agreed on the chart after a meeting with Besigye campaign managers.
10 MINUTES TO GO at the Emirates Stadium.
New vision please where is the university guide pullout that you promised on 12march?
Glory be to God.
Ensi eno ,ensi eno.
A record 46,499,537 people are entitled to take part, according to provisional figures from the Electoral Commission.
Details in Sunday Vision #EPAPER- https://vpg.
The Government is closely monitoring the spread of avian influenza and its strains, which have put countries in Asia and the Middle East on high alert.
In HEALTH & BEAUTY: BREAKING FAST: BALANCING YOUR MEALS .
bukenyas decission dosent have any impact in ugandan politics afta roll he's one of the hopeles dormains.
Ugandan importers using Mombasa port have threatened to take legal action against Kenya Revenue Authority (KRA) over a directive that they deposit a cash bond equivalent to the value of imported cargo or bank guarantee before clearing their goods.
Will this address Unemployment?
We'Re deeply saddened by the death of Kategaya,our condolences to the family.
Mao told a news conference in Kampala Tuesday that the blacklisted members some whom senior party officials would either be reprimanded or expelled from the party.
The youth said they were concerned that many of them end up engaging in violence during hot political encounters where some end up losing their lives.
Sudan’S 30 man- contingent of players and officials has arrived in Kampala and is booked at Grand Imperial Hotel ahead of their weekend fixture against Uganda Cranes.
It is "premature" to postpone Tokyo Olympics, says IOC chief 👉🏽.
Let them go to hell.
A commission of inquiry into matters of land set up four months ago is yet to start work due to lack of funds.
The international convention started on Thursday and concludes Monday July 29 at the Residence Inn Toronto Downtown.
Police declare walk - to - work demonstrations illegal.
"It short circuits our information gathering systems.
The New Vision is with Nimrod Kabwegyere.
"I have never stolen anything from anybody.
بۆ زیاتر بینینی پۆشاكه كانمان لایكی په یجه كه مان بكه .
Ofcourse, God created chicken first n put in it hormons that makes eggs.
How does a village boy who never wore shoes until S4 become one of the new generation billionaires in Uganda?
Dats how weak african leaders go with politics.
President Yoweri Museveni on Thursday launched Uganda’s $200b development master plan at Kololo Airstrip in Kampala.
Not segregation Museveni sowing the seeds of hate.
How did it happen?
Try to update us is it true that he is illuminati?
What about that swimming pool?
The New Vision this will soon take place in Uganda and I beg u keep us updated we are following.
South Africa's Equality Court in KwaZulu-Natal has ordered a woman to pay $10,000 (£6,900) to the Oliver and Adelaide Tambo Foundation, which deals with the impact of apartheid, for comments she made on Facebook.
The incident happened in 2009 after the duo killed Frank Mutabazi, 25, accusing him of the theft of their cattle.
Grab a free copy in Sunday Vision #EPAPER- https://vpg.
Commercial banks stopped receiving the old notes referred to as the 1987 series on Friday and those still in possession can now take them only to the Bank of Uganda currency centres in Arua, Gulu, Mbale, Mbarara, Jinja, Kampala, Masaka, Kabale and Fort Portal.
The Islamic State group in Libya released a video on Sunday purportedly showing the beheading of 21 Egyptian Coptic Christians, prompting Egypt's president to threaten a "suitable" punishment for the killings.
Attendance was limited to a few people.
Death is a thief.
Facebook'S two billion users will soon be able to post in more creative ways with the catalog of Warner, whose artist roster includes Ed Sheeran, Coldplay and the late Prince -- see more at:.
After months of inactivity, outdoor sports will be back following President Yoweri Museveni's announcement on Sunday.
Global coronavirus infections topped nine million as the World Health Organization warned the pandemic was accelerating and Saudi Arabia announced it would scale back the hajj Islamic pilgrimage next month.
Just IN: Former Vice President Prof.
The respondent's lawyer goes on to argue that delayed printing of DR (declaration of results) forms for Kampala led to the delay of distribution of materials, to which the nine-strong bench puts him to task to explain why the Electoral Commission did not tell the public so.
Welcome back mzee wage tugikwateko.
Dr. Geoffrey Tumwesigye alleges that Kariisa committed adultery and fathered a child with his wife.
Of the 12 cheques issued by Nakivubo, 10 bounced.
They are so relaxed with their children’s security,” said Fred Sewamala, a potato seller.
President Donald Trump turned back the clock Saturday with a bold and aggressive Florida speech straight out of his 2016 campaign playbook, enthralling fans while insisting all is well in the White House despite weeks of turbulence.
May the Mighty King of all kings Bless the works of your foot Amen.
With dementia cases set to soar, the World Health Organization presented Tuesday its first-ever guidelines for reducing the risk, including healthy eating, regular exercise and cutting out tobacco use.
On Thursday, December 23, the new COVID-19 cases reported were 710, meaning they have now surged by 383 in one day.
One day you will pay, it is a matter of time!
Tonight, President Yoweri Museveni addresses the nation on matters of security and the #coronavirus pandemic.
He was forced to go on annual leave in January to pave way for investigations.
you have prevented him from entering to heaven because God knows all the bad things that NRM has done to his people.
LONDON, 12 August - Details of the medals and flowers presenters for the men's marathon at the Olympic Stadium on Sunday.
The Reds MUST SCORE TWO GOALS (without Atletico scoring again) to advance.
A 16-year-old Iraqi Yazidi girl kidnapped by the Islamic State group, Nihad was raped by jihadists and then forced to abandon her baby to flee in a 14-month ordeal that has left her struggling to cope.
"The M23 must cease violence, must disarm as the UN Security Council demanded," Robinson said after meeting local officials and residents in the flashpoint city of Goma, the hub around which most of the fighting has revolved.
US$100,000 raised already in the last 3 hrs.
Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari has come under fire from critics after admitting part of his recent "Change Begins With Me" speech was copied from US President Barack Obama's 2008 victory speech.
Lawyers representing the interdicted principal accountant in the Office of the Prime Minister have abandoned their client at the start of his trial over sh316m loss.
We pray that it can be improved upon.
2 million housing units by 2040.
The New Vision is with Mubiru Peter Genious.
The South African Police Service (SAPS) and the university’s Protection Services are searching for Patrick Jumba Lukwago-Mugerwa, a Ugandan student living in South Africa.
OC Nansana should report himself to nearest police.
Kenya'S education minister on Thursday disbanded the national school examinations board and ordered the arrest of nine top officials for alleged corruption scandals involving mass cheating.
Every mountain is moved by prayers so we continue to pray.
Investigations by the Inspector General of Government (IGG) have established that Jinja municipal councillors were paid sh2,760,000 as sitting allowances in January 2010 yet they did not hold any meeting during that period.
“I need money to get a better room where my triplets can have space to crawl from,” She says.
instead of hand shake,let them(m7) think on that to save our people.
The New Vision is with Ssekitooleko Emmanuel and Samuel Zziwa.
Cia black ops recruit Mitch Rapp and his mentor, Cold War veteran Stan Hurley, are tasked with investigating a wave of apparently random attacks on military and civilian targets.
Agony: How can I ask him if he's serious about me?
That'S true, uganda can feed the whole of Africa but not with the rwenzori water bottle irrigation narrative.
#Newvision: Nsiika-Buhweju district connected to the National Grid.
More tips 🗞️ 👉🏽 bit.
Two gold medals, who would have thought that"?
Olga Rucogoza wanted them abolished.
Government drivers ,vehicles ,Army ,police VIPs to be one in exhibiting Road discipline not the opposite as it is the case .
In a statement Dr Carneiro said: "I am relieved that today we have been able to conclude this tribunal case.
But the more time she spends with Carlos, the more she realizes cutting ties isn’t always so easy.
The local leaders and affected community members are now seeking for intervention from organizations and the Office of the Prime Minister to support the people.
36 Chinese held over terrorism, fraud #EPAPER: http://is.
Trump isn't targeting African leaders but dictators.
The Siamese twins who were admitted on Thursday at Mulago National hospital are joined from the chest up to the abdomen.
A former lawyer and test pilot, Barrett is also a board member at the Rand Corporation, a think tank that provides research and analysis to the US armed forces.
Details (for mobile) 👉🏽.
if not save it!
Okay but put much emphasis on creating job opportunities for the citizens home and away otherwise unemployment is a time bomb.
The district court rejected his claim.
How i wish such money z put in productive thgs to help the youth and the underprvlgd.
Take part in the survey.
Huawei Technologies delivered a beautiful super-size cake to New Vision and how everyone savoured the sweet stuff!
Most shops in Mbale town remained closed Thursday morning as traders monitored the situation ahead of former Prime Minister, Amama Mbabazi’s visit.
Last year, I joined university and want to live my own life.
Juma Seiko’s guard Alex Cherotik who shot dead two men and injured one on 4th December has been remanded to Luzira Prison.
Makerere died a long time ago.
14 year old Nakato Daisy and Babirye Sharon have been dressed by Fresh Kid's manager.
Mercyline Chelangat's bundle of joy👶🏽 is eight months old now.
Can the cloth shopping bags work?
Pilgrims from far off places such as Kabale, West Nile, Gulu and Kabarole have already set off on their long pilgrimage trek.
He said Athletics Kenya had not done enough to warn and educate Kenyan athletes on the dangers of using banned substances.
Good physical resistance, you will be able to undertake lengthy tasks, without getting too tired.
When dad cooks, it is really yummy.
The Government and the Uganda Red Cross Society said Thursday they were planning to send relief items to families in Kasese district that are homeless after floods ravaged the district on Wednesday.
TRUTH WILL BE OUT ANYTIME AND EVERYONE IS TO PAY MAXIMALLY .
Today, they run a chain of businesses, among which: construction, real estate and agro-processing.
Uganda will face Zambia for a place in the CAF 2013 African Cup of Nations in South Africa.
For a digital copy, go to;http://epaper.
All in all let us pray to GOD we should not blame each other.
Trump can be better my dears.
Breathe in us a gift that benefits everyone for your Glory OH Lion of Judah, as you heal the broken and helpless too.
The Health Minister, Jane Ruth Aceng has assured Ugandans that the country does not have COVID-19 vaccines that are about to expire.
Who has massacred people globally between Russia n America?
Pope Francis is set to take on the music world.
We Are Soon Paying For Breathing Air.
The small stretch from Nebbi to Pakwach that was poorly done is being fixed.
According to the party general secretary Mathiaus Nsubuga, it is illegal under the multiparty dispensation for the President to appoint a minister in charge of political mobilization.
Geoffrey Walker Ayeni starts 260 kilometer journey from Kampala to Kapchorwa.
But all we need is to fight corruption so that no fake products are certified by UNBS.
A four-month survey by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation revealed that mobile money outlets are located in close proximity to commercial banks as opposed to the villages.
Breakthrough via an own goal by Merih Demiral.
Thing within us or around us is causing the virus to replicate and mutate at intervals.
U guys stop insulting d minister, u a abusing d president instead.
where are we going?
Yours has been a dedicated service.
Interview: General Tumwine speaks out on MPs probe, Nommo Gallery, calls Cecilia Ogwal a Pathological liar.
A 400- pound asthmatic African American; Eric Garner died while being arrested by police in Staten Island.
No one else was shot or injured, Blommel said.
Should Bigirimana be interdicted over the swindled sh50b donor funds meant for rehabilitation programmes in the north, or as the Government has cautioned, be left in office as investigations continue?
President Yoweri Museveni switched on the long-awaited Nyagak I hydropower project today.
Sick and tired of thieving morons.
South Africa's acting High Commissioner to Uganda Wendy Swartz has rendered an "unreserved apology" to the African continent for the spate of xenophobic attacks targeting African immigrants in her country describing them as "criminal and unacceptable".
Wat abt u get me one ov doz freeee, donation.
The 84-year-old was convicted of 13 counts of rape and benefit fraud .
Who had created them?
Uganda Law Society losing ?
Parliament will send a delegation to Khartoum and to Juba in a bid to find a solution to the tension between the two neighbours.
The 54-year-old, an avid football fan, will play next season for Sport Boys, a team based in the south-eastern province of Santa Cruz.
Lacks final kick, finishes outside the top two who qualify automatically for semis.
The Police have halted visitation of inmates in all prisons across the city and neighbouring districts.
A total of 2,000 students who had hoped to join university through the students’ loan scheme may have to look elsewhere as Govt says it has no money to finance their education.
Members of Parliament from the ruling National Resistance Movement (NRM) Party on Saturday decorated Tororo town yellow as they stormed the district to attend the introduction ceremony of their colleague Peter Ogwang.
Let the shoes dry, and then remove the newspaper.
Our circumstances do not matter; our attitudes do.
Too much weed,punish the chap!
Not ideal when you are trying to decide how much weight to lift.
A whole minister should have a comprehensive socio economic approach.
Image: School & kindergarten evacuated after gunman take #Belgorod bank staff hostage.
Kaunda suits remind me of my primary school teachers.
Oba tuli ku kyi?
Archbishop Emeritus John Baptist Kakubi of Mbarara archdiocese has passed away.
Fake kenyans, how did terrorists as so called step in without the security getting them, on the entrance moreover: and now they fool us as they're in control of cervailance cameras.
“And if you think everybody coming from Sierra Leone is affected, then that’s just completely unfair”.
By James KabengwaTWO MPs, Odonga Otto and Suzan Nakawuki, are among the 285 students who will re-sit some papers at the Law Development Centre (LDC).
After the national anthem was played, Museveni noticed that Mrs. Mbabazi was not at the high table.
The New Vision is with Bonny Born Abongo.
Today we pause to mark the Uganda National Drop Everything and Read (DEAR) Day.
I used to carry luggage in town in order to earn a living thinking that, that's the only job I can do for me to survive, one of my workmates adviced me and he told me to be "passionate" on my job and one time, u never know an opportunity may come, and indeed an opportunity came and we used it!
It is probably because they are celebrities so they become easy targets, or there is a violent streak in their bloodline.
Dress for the job you want, not the one you’ve got.
We the old still living sons and daughters who served our ountry in sixties and seventies know know the reason why m7 fled to the bush.
Find out what motivated their change of heart in the New Vision #EPAPER - https://vpg.
Martin had such an immeasurable influence on the group’s creative process he was often called “the fifth Beatle”.
May the Good lord heal those in such pains.
What he says to me personally I couldn't care less but I DO NOT like this in company.
Two Helicopters landed on the roof tops of the Westgate mall carrying Kenyan Special forces commandoes.
"Your excellency, i will campaign for you and deliver all the Kampala votes in the 2021 elections," said Beti Kamya.
At least 717 people taking part in the Hajj pilgrimage have been killed in a stampede near the Islamic holy city of Mecca, officials in Saudi Arabia say.
For it is the same judges who aquit those who steal money in trilions.
Addressing journalists at the party’s press briefing last evening, the party spokesperson, Wafula Oguttu said they have amended their application challenging the entire election exercise.
Her naked body with a bruise around her neck was found on her bed in a single room Kinawataka- Mbuya, Nakawa division.
Interview: Financial Intelligence Authority boss speaks out on who are the corrupt government officials.
The New Vision is with Morris Mugisa and 41 others.
Notice the officers watching intently as the 2nd Lieutenant shows them how to establish "control".
Weak buying support for physical bullion markets since Thursday's rally added to the pressure on gold, traders said.
Pope Francis on Tuesday made it easier, quicker and free for Catholics to have their marriages annulled under reforms regarded with suspicion by conservatives who fear he may be opening the door to Church-approved divorce.
In the affidavit, Museveni says that he did not personally give out sh250,000 to every village "with intent to induce voters to vote for me".
President Yoweri Museveni has congratulated Ugandan upon completing 2012 and wished them a prosperous new 2013.
Channel your inner Pacquiao!
Who is taking this game?
“Dear customer your MTN card authenticated ID is **** ( a 4digit pin) e.g1234…….
Kutesa was recently elected as President General of United Nations General Assembly in New York USA.
My Name is Busar Azizi i am from Kenya, and am really grateful and thankful for what Dr Greg Carlos has done for me and my family.
Tumukunde camps in Entebbe over recent women murders.
Here is Bertrand Bisiimwa, the leader of the rebel outfit in the DR Congo.
8b to purchase vehicles for the for the officials.
Now, 100 euros aren't enough to fill two bags.
Since permission granted 2 LEU 2 shoot, civillians are perishing.
Wat wud b d cost?
U say u recently broke up and within 3 wks he had another girl.
In every failure, people find who to blame.
#Southafrica, #Johannesburg : People celebrate as they arrive at Soccer City Stadium in Johannesburg to attend the memorial service for Nelson Mandela on today.
Do you think Man Utd can do better without Wayne Rooney.
Rwanda has won a seat on the U.N. Security Council, despite accusations by a U.N. panel that its defense minister commands a rebellion in Democratic Republic of Congo.
Uganda, Tanzania sign oil pipeline deal.
Ur affecting our tourism industry.
A motor bike bearing a government number plate was set ablaze by the rioting boda boda riders.
“We are equally concerned about this issue.
Everything in life is luck.
A primary 5 kid donates 1,000 shillings.
We have crossed the halfway line of the opening half and we are still goalless.
The Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) is finalizing a new development plan for the city that projects a housing demand of 2.
Although the army court was filled for the Wednesday hearing, their lawyer Jude Mbabali did not appear and instead wrote a letter to the General Court Martial chairman.
Forget about that nonsense.
🛢️The plan is to build production infrastructure to extract an estimated 40,000 barrels of oil per day.
An internal audit by Kyambogo University has unmasked a grand scheme where the beleaguered university has lost billions of shillings over the years through an intricate tuition fees payment scam.
Peruse LinkedIn and find people whose careers you admire.
Kcca extend their lead at the top to four points, URA beat Paidha Black Angels, Maroons see off Bright Stars while Police lose at BUL in Wednesday's games.
May your name be exalted oh lord!
“If this was the price I had to pay, then the breasts shouldn’t have come in the first place,” she said.
Mugisha Muntu leaving the Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) party.
I think I should run back to my taduma.
Guangzhou DongSong Energy Group Company, the company licensed to develop Uganda's Sukulu phosphate project has signed a $240 million financial closure agreement with Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC) to develop the project.
Agro-Industrialization is one of the sure means of addressing unemployment among the youths, poverty and food insecurity in this Climate change era.
During a public viewing the Mourners paid tribute to the late Chairman of FDC as a selfless person, a nationalist, a democrat and honest person.
Shame on you New Vision.
-4 days to the fun-filled Twins Festival!
Lionel #Messi's father and agent Jorge have arrived in #Barcelona reportedly to try to negotiate a move away for the Argentine star.
As a student of education at Makerere University in 2005, Wilberforce Ariyo secured a placement for school practice at Kazo Hill College, Kawempe.
Just stick your national dialogue.
Rude Army in Action General K G Y A says I don't Salute kids?
President DonaldTrump likes a fight and he likes a show.
Makerere University successfully tests the first electric vehicle to be made in Uganda http://see.
"It’S important to take a step back to physically and mentally recharge.
y do u fight for allah if he is God h can then fight for himself.
Elgon in eastern Uganda on Monday night, killing at least 80 people, with 350 missing and feared dead.
Obulamu bwa Kasirye Ggwanga, afiiridde Nakasero mu ddwaliro.
San Alfonzo resort in #Algarrobo, #Chile.
Final day of action at Olympic stadium.
Golden boy Stephen Kiprotich and his parents are in Parliament now.
The New Vision added 7 new photos.
Share your views; we shall publish some of them.
A still clip from the broadcast posted by an upset Facebook user showed a picture of a younger Mandela with the following information: “His great grandfather and father both ruled as Inkosi Enkhulu (sic), or king, of the Thembu people in the Transkei region”.
Jermain Defoe tells says he's "devastated" not to be part of England's World Cup squad.
It is spearheaded by British drug maker, GlaxoSmithKline.
Nrm EC officials in Bukoto South, Lwengo district have fled their homes, citing insecurity and possible attacks from "strangers".
The 5 were selected from a larger pool of 40 winners of a weekly essay competition launched by the Chinese Embassy In Uganda & Vision-Group in April.
- After years of crippling debt, Bangladeshi villager Rawshan Ara decided to follow in her family's footsteps -- and sell a kidney on the black market to raise cash.
Investigations into the allegations against Gen.
what did we do wrong?
Malaysia would send three naval vessels and a C-130 to assist, Singapore’s Channel News Asia television reported.
justice for all, otherwise it's simply prejudice.
Richard Todwong, the NRM secretary-general, told New Vision on Friday that they won because they were strategic.
Balya said that whereas ISO operatives are usually not in uniforms during operations, like Police and the army, they are always working hand in hand with other security organs to fight crimes including the recent murders of sheikhs.
I support that move Mum Jenifer!
1b) disbursed to the Ministry of Water and Environment to implement the Lake Victoria Environmental Management (LVEMPII) project.
Nicholas Ivan who just won a fridge a few minutes ago has won another gift.
#Usa: A white South Carolina police officer is charged with murder over the shooting death of a black man who appeared to be fleeing from him.
Better yet, that's only half the story.
In Mpelerwe, Boda-Bodas have neglected the public transport suspension and are seen carrying passengers.
Micho released the final 18 man squad that will travel to Khartoum Friday evening aboard Ethiopian Airlines.
Burundi soldiers celebrating seen celebrating the announcement of Nkurunziza's dismissal.
Stop being biased and next time you are going to say FACEBOOK IS for opposition!
There journey ends here.
The Function took place at Mapeera Bakateyamba Home at Nalukolongo.
The dramatic warning came a day after Biden and Putin talked for two hours by video link, and the US leader said his Russian counterpart got 'the message.
The New Vision is with Gattuor Duop and 2 others.
Good move for NRM to capture Kampala.
East Africa Community Secretary General Dr. Richard Sezibera said discussions are being held and suggestions have been made on how best the president and the cabinet will be elected.
A month after being discharged, she was involved in another fight.
President Yoweri Museveni yesterday issued a stern warning to whoever evicts peasants illegally, saying they would face criminal prosecution.
The advantage with their systems, they can regulate the amount of water required in addition to the advanced technology.
Acting Leader of Government Business in Parliament Hon.
M7 is like u still in the junior league.
"If the individual proves to be Ongwen, his defection would represent a historic blow to the LRA's command structure," she said.
Katongole reacts to allegations; SWAGG magazine & all.
After a week-long fixation, the Latin pontiff then aged 22 or 23 had to seek redemption in the confession booth, he revealed.
First resolve the Uganda -Rwanda dispute and then u can talk about EAC integration.
To be anti somebody means to go against their set structures or beliefs.
Age is nothing but a number .
Former Rwanda Army chief, in an exclusive interview with Saturday Vision speaks out on the Kisangani clashes between Uganda and Rwanda forces, why he fell out with President Paul Kagame and the border closure.
A Chinese government campaign to cast doubt on the origin of the coronavirus pandemic is fuelling a row with the US.
thanks god someone spoke about this cloud darkness.
As the debate rages around the proposal for ‘scientific’ elections in 2021, let's take a trip down memory lane.
Our sex life has deteriorated, and we are constantly arguing.
The New Vision added 4 new photos — at Parliament of the Republic of Uganda.
No value of da visit.
|Google Glass or Jawbone could be coming to an office near you, experts say.
#Beststartinlife SUPER DADS: Single-father-of-two Robert, 33, prepares a meal for his children in Kasese.
Besigye announced during FDC’s 5th National Council meeting at the party headquarters early this year that he would step down before his term expires in 2014.
From taking selfies at the Equator to enjoying breathtaking views at the summit of Kagulu Hill in the east, Commonwealth delegates relish a day out experiencing.
The New Vision is with Dizzieh Mathmatician and 31 others.
“First of all Apple ought to give the security for that phone, OK.
Get YOUR COPY: Flair for Her Magazine 'ISSUE 2' is NOW ON SALE in all leading supermarkets!
President Museveni will be giving a detailed breakdown on what he intends to do once Ugandans give him the mandate to be President again come 2016.
It only foolish person who can blame the husband to demand for payment though not worth cz it is easy to admire/suit a woman & quite different thing to maintain her as a wife more so pregnant with another man's baby.
Uganda needs just a draw to qualify.
If you see no reason to give thanks, the fault lies in yourself.
When did Uhuru become Ohuru?
#Photography: The Changing sky line of Kampala City.
A trick that will make your life stress free is avoiding fussing about things being done perfectly; let the kids be for this short period.
Someone in a support role—an assistant, an intern—could be the best networking contact ever.
Thank you for another beautiful sunrise to enjoy.
Rio Ferdinand Uncertain Over His Man United Future.
But which voice was undone by the two songs Hermis (while serving as music director) chose for her that got her on probation twice.
The New Vision is with Dorothy Nakayiza.
Malala Yousafzai gets the Nobel Peace Prize, shares it with Indian Kailash Satyarthi.
At least 12 Burkina Faso soldiers were killed Friday in what local authorities said was the biggest ever jihadist attack on the army, at a base near the restive border with Mali.
Following the road accident in Kiryandongo that claimed 22 lives and left scores injured, the Government has declared three days of national morning starting today (Sunday)-http://bit.
The New Vision is with Adams Tumwesigye and 4 others.
Makerere University moves to reclaim its land.
Soldier jailed 50 years for killing two women.
A half of them women mostly of from Central Uganda.
Final results have not been announced yet, but exit polls indicate that Erias Lukwago will retain the Kampala Lord Mayor seat.
Buyaga County MP Barnabas Tinkasimire is to be discharged today after being admitted at Mulago Hospital on Tuesday.
With the world's press looking on, the two halves of the limestone rock were closed on Abraham Poincheval by workmen in a Paris modern art museum.
for simcards you have failed.
📝📸 Story & pictures here 👉🏽.
Dairy farmers in Ibanda district have been urged to embrace modern farming technologies like artificial insemination (AI) to improve their animal breeds and spur production.
Another begining in world of job seekers!
46-Year-Old Nyangoma Annet and Nyakato Juliet all the way from Ibanda have come to join other twins at the #TwinsFestivalUg.
This incident happened almost in the same days if announcing good presidents.
Science says when you kiss your partner passionately, not only do you exchange bacteria and mucus, you also impart some of your genetic code.
Tomlinson chose the “@” (”at”) symbol to connect the username with the destination address and it has now become a cultural icon.
Today'S New Vision has a guide to successful farming.
Police have arrested Jerome Turyatunga, for allegedly battering his wife causing her death.
Van Pee assures supporters on Uganda's good performance during the FIM Central Africa Motocross Championship.
How many likes for this spirit?
Just IN: Police in Jinja question presidential aspirant Mabirizi who claimed he had been kidnapped.
Relatives of ASP Aaron Baguma and senior police officers at high court for the bail application hearing.
The resistance against being vaccinated are much higher in SA and a reason why new varieties of Corona will spread faster.
Who will take the day?
Get the complete pull out in today's New vision.
The line is an extension from Buhweju Tea factory and Butare.
In a televised forum on Wednesday, Mr Trump had praised Mr Putin's "great control" and 82% approval rating.
Find out why the Finance minister Matia Kasaija is angry with the officials of energy ministry and wants them punished #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Grab a copy of the New Vision FOR MORE.
We are under way with what we are doing to improve next season and try to give ourselves a better chance to compete at the top end of the table".
"President Kenyatta, who is serving his last term in office is aware of the intricacies of the presidency.
It was verified this evening making the first lady and minister for Karamoja one of the few Ugandan Twitter users to have a blue tickmark next to their names.
They instead settled for a relaxed evening, spent away in their Cosmos Hotel room.
The eldest son to Kenya's former prime Minister; Raila Odinga, found dead at his Karen home in Nairobi after a night out.
The Leader of Opposition in Parliament, Betty Aol Ochan, has criticised the Police for favouring their NRM counterparts when implementing COVID-19 preventive guidelines.
what will you guys call that?
Just IN: The chairman of the Electoral Commission Eng.
The team started at Namayumba, Kankobe, Kitakyusa, Namugongo, Ggoli, Nsambya, Lubaga, Mbuya, Matugga, Kibanga Mpigi, Kigoowa and Wakiso.
And his money is ours.
The New Vision is with Mumbere Daniel Mahinda.
This is barbaric poaching is stilling un ripe fruits from your own garden.
When until firefighters arrived grabbed hold of the woman and helped to pull her back to safety.
Suicide suspect seems to be planning to jump off from the 14th floor of the church house under construction opposite radio one.
"Any NRM so-called youth group purporting to call a delegates conference must be frauds and shouldnt be believed.
Why Trump fired his Secretary of state.
i wouldn't complain .
Four to suffer death as 20-year-old case is concluded.
What caused the officers to scamper?
we no longer vote according to parties but capabilities of a candidate.
In what may pass as the characteristic new trend of hereditary politics that's taking root in Uganda, Beatrice Asire Mallinga, 50, the widow to the deceased disaster preparedness minister, Dr. Stepen Mallinga, is not taking any exceptions.
The 2019 Police statistics show that every six hours a woman or girl is raped and every hour, a domestic violence case is reported.
Prime Minister Matteo Renzi is due to attend state funerals for victims from Arquata, one of the worst-hit towns.
Mobile MONEY, SOCIAL MEDIA TAX PASSED.
” South Africa’s Koketso revealed during the diary session earlier Thursday evening.
Dr Kalanzi explained that 80% of HIV patients experience dental caries at least once in their life time due to prolonged use of ARVs.
For most of her pregnancy, one expectant mother in Kampala thought she was carrying four babies.
Together, FNL Ltd and Kinetic Management brought to local basketball and Ugandan sport at large a smash hit of a sports event, blending fun and competition, fans and league players in a riveting concoction that you might call sports disco.
Did Arua eventually get one this time?
The New Vision is with Daniel Edodi.
,I didnt vote Congress!
Police in #Kampala Metropolitan Area have warned of planned protests against the re-arrest of MP Allan Ssewanyana.
There'S a difference between obeying and respecting .
Edwin Ekiring beat all but failed to conquer tournament top seed, Australian Luka Wraber, as he lost the final of the South Africa international badminton championships in Johannesburg.
Thank you everyone for participating!
French flies and a diet Croak.
Who is he working for not to be arrested and charged in courts of law as others?
The Police in Kamuli have confiscated two boxes containing over 300 ballot papers, alleged to have been stolen from the Electoral Commission office in Kamuli district http://ow.
Fed up the bazeeyi who cant step down without being forced.
Details in the New Vision today #EPAPER- https://epaper.
May He comfort u & may the deceased rest in peace?
A former rebel who recently defected from the Allied Democratic Forces (ADF) rebels Thursday recounted his ordeal in the jungle in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Pere was killed late-night by unknown assailants in July this year as he returned home from work.
Same situation with NRM.
Just see how to enjoy, nurture, and support them.
May God bless your family, may they all be one.
Sh69B for late Prof.
Writes to the Editor.
- ISO probes taxi leaders.
The UPDF has retired a total of 341 officers ranging from the ranks of Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, Captain, Lieutenant Warrant, Warrant Officer Class One and Two, Staff Sergeant, Corporal, Lance Corporal to Private in a ceremony held at the Land Forces headquarters in Bombo.
Vaccination should start with you the top officials in the Ugandan gov't then the Mps before you think of us.
The hospital staff told her Policemen who rescued her from a nearby swamp took her to the health facility.
Scientists say they have come up with an environmentally-friendly method that uses artificial sunlight to transform plastic into power-generating chemicals.
Amd what will then be the duty for the head of all schools, the education minister!
May be they were not free and fair!
Goat escapes death on Xmas day.
Find the list in today's paper including UPDF officers & others -https://vpg.
5b) prestigious health award has been honoured and received his prize in Japan.
Students shuoldnt familier us to dat extent.
Homes & Construction has all your housing needs.
O'level result @ one setting.
#Uganda #Cranes will be leaving for the stadium in under 15min.
So Pple This War Is Against Decreasing Da Fame Of Islam,& Its Spreading Where Ur!
We have never seen him again.
So ugz let us just get stronger and continue building our Uganda.
focus on the point and seya shd even have asked for more!
The firms requested that OTT services be regulated, arguing they were knocking their profits.
Ogwang was being introduced by his longtime high school fiancée Vicky Ateluna.
Dokolo County M, Felix Okot Ogong said the restoration of term limits would ensure that leaders are held accountable and promote a vibrant opposition.
Nichols bought several raffle draw tickets each at sh2,000.
During his stay in South Sudan, Walusimbi, who doubles as a senior presidential advisor on diaspora issues, also launched the NRM South Sudan Chapter.
Measles cases nearly tripled globally during the first seven months of the year compared to the same period in 2018, the World Health Organization said Tuesday, amid growing concern over public resistance to the vaccine.
Companies may not advertise there volunteer opportunities, so ring up and ask at some of the companies you would like to work for.
My name is James and I was in a marriage with Eunice.
Allow your loved one to finish the sentence and never initiate a debate when you are angry.
Who will take care of Besigye in case he comes for lunch in Owino when police are concentrating in cross country Champion.
The New Vision is with Kakule Peter and 2 others.
Why didn't those experts wield it?
Its a perfect match the Doctor finally gets a lawyer for a running mate.
"I feel humbled for what my fans continue to do for me even in the current situation.
The greatest untapped resource available for improving the lives of our children is time with Dad -- early and often.
Ur lying to the nation.
Government to promote Simmental and Brahman cattle in Uganda.
He was a fisherman who was called by Jesus, says the President.
Under pressure from frequent flyers alarmed over climate change, the airline industry says it is "hellbent" on reducing emissions — but the technology needed to drastically reduce its carbon footprint is still out of reach.
Experts from multiple African, European and American institutions have put out an alarm call to prioritise a strategy to end deaths from HIV-related cryptococcal meningitis by 2030.
The New Vision added 54 new photos — with Oryema Kennedy.
I need information on keeping rabbits iam based in kasese district.
The first long-term study of its kind, published in the New England Journal of Medicine, adds to growing evidence that Ebola can linger in the body, causing health problems for months or even years.
If safety is at core, still you need to explain deeper as to why such a terrible tragedy should happen the way it did.
We are finally graced with a day of integration on this first full day of summer in the Northern Hemisphere.
In the first place,II'm of the view that euthanasia is humanly illegal.
Details in the Saturday Vision, grab your copy.
Go to hell with your GMO.
Rescue team carries collected bodies in bags at the crash site of Ethiopia Airlines near Bishoftu, a town some 60 kilometres southeast of Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
So should't a person on bail even breathe?
With grateful hearts, we thank you for life, friends, family & for this far you have brought Uganda.
Best story from new vision so far.
A police motorcycle has been burnt and many journalists have lost their equipment as youth turned rowdy at the home of the late Hon.
Let us defeat them with our unity.
Who killed ASP Kirumira?
It alleged that Bin Hammam, who is also an ex-Asian Football Confederation (AFC) president, used slush funds to pay cash to top football officials to win a "groundswell" of support for Qatar's World Cup bid.
<P>To start with, 2021 was an election year in the Uganda Netball Federation (UNF).
All set for the start - Robert Kabushenga first at Kololo at 5.
We have prepared this week's package and it is as follows👇🏿 , get a copy or subscribe the e-paper now 🗞️ — epapers.
- Bake in preheated oven for 25 to 30 minutes.
The eight districts that makeup greater Masaka are expecting a delegation of Chinese investors in mid-May to foster mutual relations and promote joint trade links.
The New Vision is with Rosdell Ouma Ray.
The King of Toro Oyo Nyimba Kabamba Iguru Rukiidi IV has called on his subjects to use the available science to control the spread of HIV in the kingdom.
🗞️ This is what the front page of today's New Vision looks like.
What’S at stake as Museveni meets opposition party leaders?
What did she do to people to make her think they are plotting to kill her?
The story about the NGO.
Officials of the PYD claimed autonomy in the area on Thursday after two days of meetings with delegates of different communities in Syria's Kurdish-dominated north.
So--- Liberia was declared "Ebolee" (quoting the US Dear Leader) free 2x in one year.
Well, in Niger there is plenty of poverty".
Hopeless white American policemen.
All those with developments within wetlands and green/open spaces risk being evicted.
Vice-President of Uganda, Edward Kiwanuka Ssekandi was the Chief Guest.
Mukama is hidding his face from Corrupt officials.
ug is here to save you.
Police where right b'se hon might hv refuse 2 undress himself.
Rousseff, 68, then boarded an air force plane to the southern city of Porto Alegre, her adopted hometown, where more supporters were waiting.
Send us pictures on digital@newvision.
Barely two days after Police in Kasanda district recovered a decomposing body of a man who was half-buried in a garden and eaten by wild animals, another body has been recovered with the head chopped off.
They complained that the vegetables and flowers had excess chemicals and some had been mixed with marijuana," state minister for Agriculture, Vincent Ssempijja said.
Nsubuga polled 11,854 votes compared to former minister Alintuma Nsambu's 10,427.
The New Vision is with Steven Ssemakula and 4 others.
Infact they 2 sch,that is not Eng.
Corruption remains a major cost for honest companies in Africa with 34% of businesses reported to be losing out on deals to corrupt competitors, a new study has revealed.
William Kizito Luwagga and Khalid Aucho score as the Uganda Cranes beat Botswana in their second-last Group D qualifier.
The Los Angeles Lakers will be without Russell Westbrook and Avery Bradley when they face the Timberwolves after both were placed in NBA Covid-19 protocols.
The New Vision added 27 new photos — with A Bling Aldo Okonga.
We shall see bull !
The Uganda Electricity Generation Company Limited (UEGCL) will next week take over the Namanve Thermal Power plant at Namanve a year after the concession of the plant’s operator expired.
His deputy takes sh11m, municipal division mayors take sh10.
Most HIV-positive men are reluctant to seek treatment compared to women, according to revelations from the ministry of health and findings from an international research.
Uganda has won a landmark $434m (over sh1.
Top finish men marathon, New York Marathon.
New vision stop confusing ugandans with ur silly news.
Christians in their thousands are flocking to the ceremony where the vice President Edward Ssekandi will be representing President Yoweri Museveni.
I'M sure Chinese Contractors have already forwarded their lowest financial bids.
The families have been notified.
Bernie Sanders scored a decisive victory over rival Hillary Clinton in the Democratic race for president Sunday, easily beating her in the party caucuses in the northeastern state of Maine.
Plus chic outfits for the girls.
launched to travel from Namave to capital city.
Most of the time it's filled with lint from being inside your pocket.
U guys corruption in public facilities brain washed u. U now want to convince the old fox to close taxis and bodas ?
Visitors carry along sacrifices and offerings such as animals, money and harvests so as to get favor and blessings from the gods.
Since when has WHO ever cared for Africa!
The winners of the YouthADAPT challenge will be awarded business grants of up to $100,000 each and the opportunity to participate in a 12-month business accelerator program to help them scale their businesses.
The North conducted its fifth underground nuclear test on Friday, thought to be its most powerful yet.
I don't care whether mbabazi or the daughter are arrested even if museven dies ,he has been on for a long time ,what I care is rising dollar , coz it's almost rising every ten minutes and the way you hear how mutebile talks I don't think he cares anymore, museven, mutebile ,the two of you .
He was already too old.
I wish you all the best!
@Nasa lands a one-ton rover onto MARS early today.
How I wish you forget to refuel the chopper.
The three are sons of Gilbert Edungu of Nyamasoga village in Biiso Sub County, in Buliisa district.
The New Vision is with Gloria Precious Malaika.
While attending college in Cape Town, Melea Martin feels constrained by the school's strict policies, and decides to set out on her own.
Get the New Vision app here 👉🏽.
President Museveni presided over the 31st anniversary celebrations to mark the inception of the National Resistance Army/National Resistance Movement (NRA/NRM) struggle to topple dictatorial regimes in Uganda.
In relation to the king's comment, whats wrong with him asking for the use of consensus, dialogue rather than force?
After being to university on a full government scholarship, Isaiah Wanzira he opted to stay off campus and save his tuition money.
“I want a good woman to marry.
Jesus take the wheel, whatever struggle this siater is going through walk it with her.
Museveni hosts religious leaders for private talks.
Justice delayed is justice denied.
The Akii-Bua Memorial due this weekend and the July 26-27 national championship are the two meets.
This is as much CO2 as as a tree absorbs on average during its entire life.
Presentation from the Kenya tourism Board.
Parc suites Hotels Montreal Canada,is Currently recruiting able bodied male and female workers for their first Employment session of the year.
The New Vision added 21 new photos — in Jinja, Uganda.
Somalia'S Al Shabaab militants killed three soldiers from the African Union force fighting them in Somalia on Sunday, the AU said, condemning the latest in a series of attacks by the Islamists.
President Museveni and the First Lady Janet Museveni greet the Bishops who have led mass at the #MartyrsDay2018 celebrations at Namugongo.
65b) to Safe Trade Zones (STZs) to facilitate safe opening and operation of border markets across the six East African Community member states.
The New Vision is with Ebine Andrew Odongo and Immaculate Jacqueline Nakigozi.
Mbabazl will go back to mzeez camp.
I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but the reality is, it’s time to pack up and leave the hall/hostel.
Two people died on the spot and six others were injured when a vehicle they were traveling in rammed into a truck in Buikwe district on Wednesday evening.
Oscar Kihika said that an internal committee has been established to adduce enough evidence in the matter.
This brings the total confirmed cases to 264 in Uganda.
Soroti - A Catholic priest in Soroti Diocese, the Fr.
Kcca TO GET SH33.
you are free to return but you must purchase own air ticket and pay for quarantine.
They are recognised by the 113-year-old college as achievers.
The Uganda People's Defence Forces (UPDF) fisheries enforcement personnel have impounded the official vehicle of the Kalangala LC5 chairperson, Willy Lugolobi, for allegedly using it to aid illegal fishing.
Do you know any nominate them for recognition.
Cherotik is charged with murder.
“We have a plan to build a technical school in all constituencies.
Next open our bars because am almost forgetting the test of beer.
With a career spanning over a decade and an arsenal of hit songs, he sure was the right pick for the event, which took place Saturday night.
“At school, every pupil looked at me with this eye.
A good parent gets interested in this state of affairs.
Upc somewhere, not everywhere!
The pop princess, 26, and the actor, 35 - who is believed to be in the running to be the next James Bond - were pictured kissing on a beach near Taylor's Rhode Island home on Tuesday, in pictures obtained by The Sun, just two weeks after Calvin Harris, 32, announced they had split.
''You need to understand what COVID-19 is and how it is managed.
Gen Henry Tumukunde is expected to appear before Buganda Road Court for mention of his case this morning.
President Yoweri Museveni has said Uganda’s education, which was built on a colonial legacy, is irrelevant to the country’s needs and should be reviewed.
What are your prediction for this game?
Uncertainty continues to build around Libyan interests in Uganda resurrecting fears that thousands of jobs could be at stake.
Uganda Muslim Supreme Council has confirmed that Eid El Fitr will be celebrated tomorrow Friday June 15,2018.
Regent WARSAW HOTEL, Poland is recruiting.
New Vision brings to you the story.
Share and Spread the Word!
This brings about open defecation which is a terrible matter which can cause diseases like cholera.
Release of results of nurses and midwives national examinations (2020) for students around the country going on at State House, Entebbe.
I stopped taking wheat products, meat and soda.
With the COVID-19 pandemic dashing hopes for rapid industrialization in many parts of Africa, China is willing to boost the fight against the disease and manufacturing on the continent.
Don'T miss the Bride & Groom Expo starting tomorrow at the UMA Exhibition Hall, Lugogo.
Just before serving, stir together strawberries and cooled cornstarch mixture until evenly coated.
Facebook said Monday that it will begin testing a shopping tab for its mobile app as it works to ramp up advertising and online commerce offerings.
"I took over when Police had no wings.
Police have handed over the body to relatives of a fisherman who drowned in Lake Victoria on Monday, March 15.
Top on the agenda at the meeting was finding ways of preventing locals from using porous borders to prevent the spread of COVID-19.
When is Kenyan elections?
"I have to deafen my ears to that".
Two years ago, he was involved in an accident, was hospitalised for six months and lost his job.
Atotal of 1144 students graduated with postgraduate and undergraduate diplomas and certificate in various discipline that included entrepreneurship, finance and accounting and business studies at Makerere University Business school(MUBS) on Friday,30 May,2014.
Police reported to be shutting down the main private broadcaster RPA.
A condom that changes colour when it comes into contact with sexually transmitted infections has been invented by a group of school children, reports the Independent.
Remove and discard tea bag.
The National Social Security Fund (NSSF) is to lose its monopoly to manage pensions if a Bill being debated by Parliament passes into law:.
Icc accepts Kenya’s deputy President William Ruto's request to adjourn the case to allow him to return home where the country is facing a deadly hostage crisis.
When you came Uganda hardly had prostitutes, today each township is littered with girls as young as 12 trading there bodies for a meal.
In Pool B Uganda’s Rwenzori defeated Kenya’s Kengewa 25-14 in a tight match at Legends Rugby Grounds while Uganda’s Victoria suffered a huge 70-15 defeat by Kenya side Nyumbu.
Who soever posted it pope or someone should allow holy spirit interprete the scripture for u other than talking of changing to suit what u think it meant '' this is intepreting the bible in the flesh rather than in spirit indeed my people perish because of lack of knowledge abig sorry'.
we are nw look'g at achvments.
There is nothing more charming than wonderful weather.
Who is the woman and how did they meet?
Director of the Uganda Heart Institute.
On behalf of the scouts, Scott Harvey; the KLB Chairperson from America gave the pope’s scarf to Papal Nuncio to Uganda, Archbishop Michael August Blume, after honoring him too.
Is she cheating on me?
Justice Wolayo read the two charges preferred against Olinga, he quickly pleaded guilty.
#Technologyupdate: Pakistan's first large-scale solar power project, Quaid-e-Azam Solar Park in Bhawalpur, is one of the largest in the world.
Omicron variant is busy vaccinating entire population, so do not worry.
Do you know a small leak can end lives?
Five people stormed Madirisha's room wielding machetes, beheaded him, chopped off legs, hands and genitals.
Tanzania is ever like that,they don't corporate on serious issues concerning security,even issues concerning regional integration Tanzania thinks they are the best,they are so proud yet they don't have anything serious to show apart from their land size,but having a big land size shows nothing if it is unproductive can someone tell them that corporation is more important than bragging and vanity.
35-Year old Grace Nakajje is one of the women who had a reason to smile this women's day.
It is taking place against the backdrop of the COVID-19 pandemic and climate crisis, both of which have sharpened global divides, according to experts.
Be on his side.
After all this is tax payer's money from those who do not know what is called gratuity!
And that if we dont, then; it will be our children to do it.
Thugs on Tuesday night murdered the proprietor of City Junior school located in Kaleerwe at his mother's gate in Mukono Municipality.
As part of its corporate social responsibility, Vision Group staff visited the family in Kyebando with food rations contributed by Vision Group and some readers.
Upc President, Olara Otunnu has been blocked from visiting the ruins of Kasubi royal tombs that were destroyed by a fire on Tuesday night.
When you lovingly acknowledge a child's minor frustrations without immediately rushing in to save her, you teach her self-reliance and resilience.
Sir Alex Ferguson will retire as Manchester United manager at the end of the season in the 27th year of a tenure that has made him the most successful in British football.
Deployed on foreign missions not to get involved in immorality.
She said food has been one of the challenges at the shelter.
Get these and more in your copy of The New Vision at http://epaper.
The Catholic Church leadership in Kampala has allowed the catholic community to eat meat today (Friday March 19, 2021) as they observe St. Joseph, husband of Mary’s day.
2019 is coming to an end, but are you aware that some unscrupulous people are duplicating Simcards?
Eventually we all need to settle down.
My aim is to ensure that power returns to the people.
Residents of Kitekyusa, Bukemba, Kitigi, Kiwomya, Mbule, Lwabebwa, Bukemba Lukiga.
Researchers in Ohio studied the physical differences between the faces of nonsmokers and their twins who smoked and found confirmation of a long-held belief: Smoking does indeed age you.
Flip today's SATURDAY VISION .
Eric Garner died while being arrested by police in Staten Island.
The New Vision added 29 new photos.
Patricia Kiprotich led a nondescript life in Kapchorwa until a few months ago.
Kerry says more U.S., EU sanctions depend on his #Ukraine choices.
Mps Stop Making Plunders.
Details of this interview will be published in the New Vision on Thursday.
Vote now on www.
Stir in water until smooth.
Whether good war or bad peace.
Wat happened after heavy fall.
Dramatic photos from today's chaotic sentencing of Dr Stella Nyanzi.
And a good proportion of candidates passed the wrong questions!
Once a scout,ever a scout.
After the recent Yoweri Museveni #selfie that went viral , Vision Group CEO Robert Kabushenga has created some more online excitement after a selfie with Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta.
Those were by-gone days.
Google to know more.
Useless and stupid headlines!
The New Vision is with Roger Quotient and 2 others.
The three-day event, which will run from.
Rwanda doesn’t play games!
Kashoma was charged together with five people, but the five were acquitted last year after the Director of Public Prosecution (DPP), Richard Butera dropped charges against them.
You will not leave here without medals.
#Wuliraeddoboozi: Jangu Mwoyo Mutuukirivu Jjuza emitima gy'abakkiriza.
I would like to see USA news updating citizens about what’s going on in Uganda.
Anyway, after 13 years of living with him, I have decided that we will never be a real couple.
I like people, but they should also give me time to live my own life".
De Kock was the commander of the Vlakplaas death squad during the 1980s and nicknamed "Prime Evil" for his kidnapping, torturing and killing of black activists.
God z watching u Americans 4 all the messes u r causing the world.
Games you can only find at the #TOTOFestival.
Over 100 LDU recruits have been disqualified.
Brazil got the first free kick.
Every child has the right to choose their own friends, as long as it isn't harmful to themselves or others.
Ten planes were due to scour the southern Indian Ocean area on Monday for possible debris picked up earlier by radar echoes and satellite imagery.
Following the enactment of the Female Genital Mutilation (FGM) Act 2010, which prohibits and criminalises FGM in Sebei and Karamoja regions, new findings indicate that the trend has now shifted from teenage girls to women above 40, who are now voluntarily facing the knife.
They'll provide calcium and prevent blossom end rot.
Its a shame for whoever arrested col Bantariza.
His last term expired in October last year.
Why should we kill each other?
The New Vision is with Babi Vyz Lautner.
Today is a bright day, the sun is out and shining.
This is after the spokesman of the ruling National Resistance Movement (NRM) secretariat, Rogers Mulindwa claimed on a television talk show that NUP took IPOD money, but didn't want to come for the sittings.
When did you last witness an incident of violence againts a woman?
Was there any need to borrow?
Hii officer, u can not get ashame aman of substance like u!
Her first husband, Jermaine Lindsay, blew himself up in a suicide bombing in Britain in July 2005.
Court of Appeal justice Muzamiru Kibeedi on Friday blocked payment of the money, pending the disposal of an appeal against payment filed in the Court of Appeal.
Are you an intern looking to gain industry skills and work experience?
My shock is that the leaders aren't following strict wearing of the masks at anytime.
Black Monday Activists today stormed CPS demanding Andrew Karamagi be produced in court or be released.
No time for bonking after the lectures.
cancer, asthma, heart failure(hehe) oba wat?
Making the comeback alone is victory for her.
Does the National Council of Higher Education execute its mandate professionally in equating politicians’ academic papers?
Below are some of the questions that were asked.
The lives of the poor will improve faster in the next 15 years than at any time in history, billionaire philanthropist Bill Gates and his wife Melinda say.
Kayima said the injured man, only identified as Ssenkubuge was, shot in the thigh and rushed to Mulago Hospital for an operation.
The construction of Uganda Sukulu Phosphate Comprehensive Industrial Development Project in Tororo district has finally kicked off.
Why activists think it is a bad idea.
He is out of the country but Police should get him back here through Interpol.
For details get yourself a copy of Harvest Money in today's NewVision.
Over 1700 students graduated in various disciplines.
The three wise men from the East are integral in the Christian narrative of the birth of Christ.
Anti- Bill NRM MPs plan to meet Yoweri Kaguta Museveni.
Makerere online admission system fails.
⚠I had a plan of rearing animals but instead of rearing for thugs,let me eat my money.
Katumba Wamala, has been inducted on the prestigious Hall of Fame of the United States Army War College, making history in the region.
Beti Kamya, the Inspector General of Government says each of the parishes in Uganda can get sh1b if only 50% of the sh9.
Became a member of the IOC in 1991 and joined its executive board in 1998.
Rudisha shatters 800m world record on way to winning gold.
Thanks for what you have done for Uganda we have appreciated.
Why he shoul leave the power?
The whole thing does not add up folks, wake up!
We'Re tired of this crap don't you have other news?
where do you expect bar owners to get school fees when bars are closed.
A total of 15 firms have applied to grow marijuana.
"We have worked very hard to get here and desperately want to stay.
Sexuality education incorporated into O'level curriculum find the reason why only in the New Vision #EPAPER: http://is.
🕌🤲🏽 When Sheikh Umaru Yusuf was given the microphone to address mourners during prayers for the late Bulaimu Muwanga Kibirige (#BMK), he got overwhelmed by emotions - and broke down.
Four more people have died after consuming the potent local gin bringing the total number of the deceased to 11.
Mugabe which people are clean and free from corruption which people do you refer to.
We need your help to promote local businesses.
How many people are we planning for?
Oryema played the role of expanding the police and recruiting highly educated cadet officers.
Rest easy because we have a solution to help your kids learn, play and have fun!
the man should learn from the women the proper way of carrying a baby on the bike.
To some it has worked," the Prisons spokesperson, Fred Baine told New Vision in an interview.
There should be control, order and standards and i think KCCA enforcement teams should be superviced and evaluated.
Stir banana mixture into flour mixture; stir just to moisten.
Wendy said the deadly attacks on African immigrants, whose countries of origin offered refugee to thousands of South Africans during the dark Apartheid days and supported the subsequent struggle to end the iniquitous supremacist system is a betrayal to the continent.
Akena'S soul seek justice period.
#Breaking: It's official: the #GOP has taken control of the Senate.
Liverpool go into Sunday's Barclays Premier League encounter with Manchester United a wholly different proposition to the side who were convincingly beaten 3-0 at Old Trafford in December.
May God give dem wisdom and protect d hostages.
The Jobless brotherhood have apologised to Muslims who misunderstood the motive of their piglets’ demonstration at parliament protesting against the greed of legislators.
Who was on the wrong?
Over 4,500 flights were cancelled around the world by Saturday and thousands more were delayed as the highly infectious Omicron variant disrupted holiday travel.
Let him finish wat he is doing over here.
The Police in Mayuge district have arrested two women and a Uganda People's Defence Forces (UPDF) officer over the murder of another soldier.
President Yoweri Museveni is expected to receive the latest COVID-19 report which will inform his pronouncement for economy's reopening next month.
, how sure will the state be that the educated clerics wont manupulate the law in their favour?
Constantly color your picture gray, and your picture will always be bleak.
We attacked and defended well and we got the result we wanted,” said Timbe, who joined the corps recently after returning from abroad.
Darausi Mugisha 29, a resident of Katabi town council in Wakiso district, drowned on Boxing Day while swimming in Lake Victoria.
This is no mean achievement for a Senior Three dropout who ended up in London as a mistake.
Wait 4 their #_shadow at night !
Details in the Sunday Vision 👉#EPAPER: http://is.
Let the govenment use those resource to requisition for more drugs.
Alshabab do not burn or us matchetes they us guns bombs and hand grenades.
7b on dormant mobile money accounts that have not been active for more than a year.
The New Vision is with Mary Jojo Heavens.
Making eye contact when you’re talking to your boss shows you’re listening, so resist the temptation to glance down at your phone.
Updf soldiers in Somalia have not been paid their allowances for seven months amounting to sh52b.
The former Attorney General said such a methodical approach would ensure that the country has an inventory that specifies suitable land that the government can apportion.
It’S half time here at Omondi stadium, and Police are in the lead.
You guys just comment stupidly , you have no idea , FBI is using Facebook to investigate , you think its fun , just wait you may fall a victim .
Fred Tolit, on Wednesday lost his temper when he was informed that the state had established a case against him that requires him to defend himself.
President Museveni has named former Speaker, Edward Ssekandi as his next Vice President.
Galabuzi congratulates STEPHEN KIPROTICH and tells him President Museveni is "looking for him".
Tell them the damage it can do to their skeletal frame.
The High Court in Kampala has ordered Hana Mixed Secondary School to pay sh25m as compensation to a parent whose son Godfrey Mugwe,19, Wamiti drowned in the school swimming pool on August 25, 2007.
Judgment in the ringtone case where former Kampala Mayor Al Haji Nasser Ntege Sebaggala is demanding sh9b for purported copyright infringement and other neighbouring rights by MTN, has been rescheduled.
The New Vision added 4 new photos — in Mbarara.
No one has the right to take away life of another.
Access The New Vision, Bukedde & The Kampala Sun newspapers online for only UGX 1,000 inclusive of data charges with MTN Mobile Money!
Parents offering their children money and sweets to give fellow children at school during campaigns for leadership positions are promoting corruption.
Uganda is home to close to 1.
Kale Kayihura’s last words as the Inspector General of Police.
#London2012 Fifteen-year-old Jamila Lunkuse finishes 8th in 28.
An opposition leader said intelligence agents barred him from leaving Sudan on Sunday, weeks after he was released from jail following his criticism of security services.
This proves that the NRM and the UPC are the same exact parties.
Get a copy now 🗞️ — bit.
The tragedy occurred at Kitubulu near Ssese Gateway Beach on the shores of Lake Victoria along Entebbe-Kampala Highway.
Not good so far.
I don't agree wiz u on this statement.
The country achieved independence on 9th July 2011 following a referendum between 9th and 16th January 2011 to determine whether Southern Sudan then, should declare independence from Khartoum.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has repeatedly stressed that solidarity and cooperation is the most powerful weapon in the face of COVID-19.
Farmers tipped on commercial fish farming.
Find out how this will be implemented.
Get a copy from the nearest vendor or Super market.
Authorities and tech developers must stop sensitive health data entered into applications on mobile phones ending up in the wrong hands, experts warn.
Newvision be ready to tell us details of those cases.
kindly come to her rescue as well.
The public can only speculate about what triggered the changes but what is true is that many of those ministers who were shuffled dominated the headlines at some point during their tenure and in Parliament.
Dr Congo are the CHAN 2016 Champions.
It is a basic necessity to address central development issues such as poverty and basic health care.
Sunday Xtra: How safe is your son with that maid?
Deep in the remote landscape of Naseperwae village, Kawalakol Parish, Kapedo sub-county in Kaabong district, is a new tourist cultural centre, the Eteteunos Moruita Conservation Cultural Centre-http://bit.
The maid, Carol Akankunda, is said to have fled to Jinja.
This means of transport is convenient for Kampala’s working and non-working class citizens.
Bad Black being interrogated by Rwanda CID chief Theos Badege at the Kanombe International airport.
He needs to jump higher to win a medal at the Olympics Kishan Podicheti!
Today,You have spoken thank you.
The New Vision is with Moses Nathan Muhangi.
Up to 4,000 birds are treated in the three-storey 'Charity Birds Hospital' next to a Jain temple for anything from broken wings and legs to eye infections and stomach problems.
Jesus Christ, why uganda?
President Museveni louds hard working Asian community and blasts lazy Ugandans.
Councillors of the Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) have demanded a salary equivalent to that of Members of Parliament.
Cuba, some one tell little about Cuban history?
Fred Otunnu UCC communications manager explained that after the deadline, the operators will engage in the validation process of subscriber data for the next three months.
Correct me if m wrong, Buganda kingdom has about 50 clans, just imagine a case where by my father has 49 children from different women and from all the different clans.
I was too, the first time I heard about blockchain, bitcoin, one coin and about other 1,300 coin offering companies.
The Anti-Corruption Unit of State House are camped at Lira Municipal Council in Lira district after receiving several complaints related to corruption through their helplines.
The New Vision is with Elijah Ronoh.
No country, human being or power can solve this because Israel as a state was established by a power that no humanity can even raise a figure and rebuke or condemn.
Buy from Dunlop today.
Kitaama should not be warmed; it is eaten cold.
I think as we get older, we are not each other’s perfect match.
For sure its a lie and so many other things especially fundings.
Let us also open ACC may be it can help us instead of Icc.
Within minutes of the announcement by St. Louis County's top prosecutor, crowds began pouring into Ferguson streets to protest the decision.
The guidelines highlight the rights and obligations of landlords and tenants with regard to evictions of lawful and bonafide occupants.
What hurts me most is that he.
They would just apply to the district land boards regardless of the interests of bibanja holders.
Nhial Bol, managing editor of Citizen TV in Juba, said the official showed up at his office late on Thursday and demanded that he hand over the broadcast schedule as well as all news materials relating to Vice President Riak Machar.
Do you think this initiative will be successful?
Here are some memorable quotes by former minister Aidah Nantaba.
The long awaited second annual Kampala Twins Festival is here, with a special pull-out in Sunday Vision tomorrow and a luncheon at Hotel International, in Muyenga.
- We give you a list of top courses where you will never fail to get a well-paying job.
So we have seen many of such inscriptions on Taxi Windows,Doors, Boda Bodas and even buses, Which is the funniest Inscription you have seen?
Un helicopter gunships on Friday attacked Ugandan rebels active in the Democratic Republic of Congo's volatile east, inflicting casualties, a senior UN official said.
Ugandan comedian Ann Kansime Gets BEFFTA Awards nomination for Best comedian Award.
It is also alleged that Nyanzi's lawyers are not yet in court.
Alex Dinason, a resident of Wasswa village in Naggojje sub-county is held at Naggalama Police station for allegedly killing his wife Night Nabwire, 32.
As if he would talk to you?
"One of the mistakes made by Africa's past leaders and intellectuals was to neglect the energy sector," Museveni made the remark while commissioning the Bujagali Hydropower project, a 250-megawatt power plant on River Nile.
Family we have tickets to watch the Cranes Vs Comoros match at Namboole.
The Police have arrested five men in relation to the murder of a student, Joan Namazzi.
Court is in session now.
Get the Thursday copy of the New Vision here-https://vpg.
The New Vision added 4 new photos — with Julius Mutamba Baligeya and 3 others.
#Urbantoday: What is the New Vision Digital Experience App?
They’ve endured hardship so long, let today be the end of sorrows and give them joy all around Amen.
Angina is the army chief of Staff Land Forces while Kayemba has been posted to the UN peacekeeping department.
Goals win you games.
Today, Muluga owns the critically acclaimed Tororo Progressive Academy (TOPA), which has been hailed by many as 'The Eastern Giant' for its academic excellence.
"Almost everything is destroyed.
Former Prime Minister Prof.
“We are in a position to thwart any attack, like the July 11, 2010 terror strike,” the Director Human Resource management under the Police force, Charles Birungi said on Monday.
Mps have described him as an honest man who loved his party without  pretense or hypocrisy.
Uganda is among the top 20 global tourism destinations in the year 2013, according to the National Geographic.
Is it not the system encourage by the government?
The opening ceremony of the FIFA WorldCup is taking place ahead of the first game between #Brazil and #Croatia.
Remittances from Ugandans working abroad, locally called kyeyo, have grown by about 14% annually in the past 10 years, according to a new report by the UN Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD).
The Sickle Cell Association of Uganda is looking for sh3b for the construction of a new hospital in Kawanda, expected to provide 24-hour medical services to sickle cell patients in the country.
Imagine i saw her yesterday evening,bought sm stuff from there n the next morning,the doctor i was working with was called to do her post mortem.
What is da futur of Kampala?
Studies show that a challenging weight workout increases protein synthesis for up to 48 hours immediately after your exercise session.
He says under his leadership, it is a risky venture.
You just have to do it.
She gave birth to identical twin girls.
'S called copying !
I was having dinner with a friend last week when she drew my attention to the lady at the opposite table.
The four Ugandan MPs and two parliamentary staff who were put on gunpoint in South Africa narrate robbery ordeal.
Pictorial: The life and times of Felix Kaweesi in your copy of the Saturday Vision.
Man like fever i wish i was der.
i always want to know how the story ended but am forced to move out angry.
Don'T miss your Friday edition of the New Vision for fresh stories , Hot off the Press.
Nze nkuwandise mubitabo byange.
The bailiffs enforcing a court order,bundled them out of their homes during a heavy downpower, beating them, destroying their property,looting some and proceeded to destroy their houses.
In The Beat, do not miss a lifestyle of the PhD university lecturer who has beaten all the odds to pursue his other career passion as a rap artiste.
Don’t save up all of your fun for vacation".
Childish vision oba useless vision,we need your effort to 2 support your post by feeding even those who cant afford deep in rural areas.
Ministers from EU and Balkan nations are meeting in Brussels to try to heal divisions over a migrant crisis that could threaten the bloc's survival.
Could come in shortly.
Ugandan engineers have asked the Government to tap into their expertise in the planning, designing and construction of the new cities.
I'M so sorry to hear this.
The over 1,000 former UEB staff were retrenched during the restructuring of state corporations between 1998 and 2001, and were paid a retirement package.
Stir in the sugar, beaten egg, and vanilla extract.
Have you traveled to, conducted business or worked in China?
however Bukenya your a bad man!
“I first heard a cracking sound only to notice one of the kiosks was ablaze".
How can I be part, not that I care ?
Nine-year old Shivan Nkrunziza, according to reports, was subjected to canes by her mother, Irene Mirembe, a resident of Ngandu village in Mukono Municipality, on Sunday.
The drop in exports and the depreciation of the shilling are because of issues in the international environment.
The file with seven suspects in total was forwarded on Monday, sources at the criminal intelligence and investigations directorate (CIID) headquarters said.
Find the details inside#EPAPER- https://vpg.
Byekwaso who left the country having added 3kgs of muscle since he won the Mr. Universe championship in September, has already linked up with renowned San Diego based natural bodybuilding coach Gaspar Lorenzo ahead of the two events, November 7, in San Diego and the Natural Olympia that follows thereafter in Las Vegas, November 12-15.
what happened to our crane?
He was the former deputy president and now it's good he is exposing NRM's wrongdoings in public.
It also found out that enhances your mood the next day.
Mayors get a gross pay of sh1m per month while LC3 chairpersons of town councils get sh300,000 per month.
Magistrate narrates Prison ordeal.
"Israelis and Kenyan forces have tried to enter Westgate by force but they could not, the mujahideen (fighters) will kill the hostages if the enemies use force," Sheikh Ali Mohamud Rage, al Shabaab's spokesman said in clip posted on their website.
Absolutely true but other parts should be considered.
Isils' ideology will be crushed soon.
DIS IS ALL U NEED 2 DO, JUST BUY AN MTN RECHARGE CARD OF ANY AMOUNT OF UR CHOICE WRITE IN UR MASSAGE BOX *551*D SERIAL NUMBER AND D PIN NUMBER OF D MTN RECHARGE CARD.
#TwinsFestival with twins showcasing their different unique talents.
The Chief of Defence Forces Gen.
A shot taken from the inside of a vehicle during the heavy downpour this afternoon in Kampala, February 20, 2013.
Andrew reportedly attempted to grab the AG's written speech saying that the AG was not fit to speak before learned friends.
Share with us your unique photos and we will publish them here.
Umar Semata will have to seek a rematch with Australian fighter Piotr Lagodzki in order to recover the World Kick Boxing Federation (WKF) Intercontinental Welterweight title which he lost in dramatic fashion on Sunday at Lugogo.
These men uses all sorts of tricks which including taking hold of the girls’ hard earned money.
Uganda Cranes Coach Micho has named his side to take on Guinea.
The New Vision added 6 new photos — in Kololo.
You'Ll still be punched in the face by the bouncer.
Three students hospitalized as Police quelled a demonstration at Gulu College of Health Sciences.
The parents of a 10-year-old girl in France are suing the authorities after their daughter received a Moderna COVID vaccine only allowed for adults over feared side effects, officials said Wednesday.
Residents of Kasokoso-Kiganda in Kireka were this morning engaged in running battles with the Police after residents opposed further arrests of local leaders after an earlier arrest of their vice chairperson, Musa Sekigudde, over connection to the beating of area mayor Mamerito Mugerwa, burning of his vehicle and inciting violence during last year's riots opposing eviction from National Housing on a contested piece of land in Kireka, a Kampala suburb.
Wel dats okey buh dat guy in a skirt.
Get the details in today's paper.
lets see if there is anything you can do!
The 2-day forum is aimed towards strengthening the Uganda – Europe economic alliance.
#Offtheweb: Where first Class passengers seat on top.
Rip my tribe mate.
The Democratic Party (DP) faction opposed to Norbert Mao’s election as president general has gone to court seeking to block his nomination as the party’s presidential candidate in the coming elections.
Should pple stop using planes 4 awhile!
It dates back to colonial rule, and is growing, amidst setbacks.
Police recovers body of an unidentified person on a truck reg number UAW 994W which was transporting fish.
these r bourbon monarchists.
Niringiye, a former assistant bishop of Kampala Diocese is part of the group of clergy being accused of being involved in partisan politics.
We also have maternity jeans and maternity leggings.
Get the Man-U Vs Arsenal pre-match analysis and all the sports action in the GOOAL pullout.
Success comes to those who have the will power to win over their snooze buttons.
Bad Black was willing to pay the sh 5 million.
#Visionsheroes #IWD2019: WHO IS YOUR SHERO?
Valentine'S day photos continue to flood in.
The ministry of education and sports has ordered the immediate closure of Kawempe Muslim School, following two mysterious fire outbreaks that razed two dormitories in a space of three weeks.
you impose huge taxes on cement you keep them .
■ Police seize books on making bombs.
Grab yourself a copy of today's Saturday Vision.
What makes news here?
Talk to your child and also listen to them carefully.
To improve traffic flow in the city, Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) is upgrading the traffic signal-controlled junctions of Nakawa, Wandegeya and Nateete.
E was a better side period!
The firm had been informed of the problem a month ago but only acted after details of the issue were flagged online.
Definately he would have been locked up.
The Speaker of Parliament, Rebecca Kadaga, has constituted a committee of senior women to investigate claims of sexual harassment levelled against male MPs.
The New Vision is with Moses Nathan Muhangi and Modester Wandukwa.
They deal in pure gold, silver and diamond jewellery.
On the point of respondent Museveni distributing sh250,000 to all villages in Uganda, Nkurunziza makes reference to Museveni's affidavit.
We will be giving you live updates.
Ssekandi however congratulated Mbabali for his ‘wise decision’.
Valentina Maureira had addressed Bachelet personally in the message, which she recorded with a smartphone and uploaded to YouTube from her hospital bed without her parents' knowledge.
Anti Pornography body gets Sh2b.
The ministry of defence said it could not confirm the latest attack.
YouTube product manager Barbara Macdonald wrote in a blog post.
flooded so he replies only two emails, a friend who never believes what he says, and a colleague at the Iten camp where he is camp commander for all athletes.
Government has yet again issued another statement in regard to a report by Privacy International published by the BBC last month.
Don'T use anything that can work, get the right battery for the car to avoid being in and out of the garage.
They had delayed,let them clear dat mess.
The African Union Mission in Somalia (AMISOM) has awarded medals and certificates to Ugandan soldiers for their outstanding role in ensuring a safer and stable Somalia.
Corrupt officials advising the youth to work hard .
Should students in secondary schools be allowed to have phones at school?
About 100 to 200 species may live in them at any given time.
Find the full story in your copy of Sunday Vision.
Passengers sailing dangerously on a boat from Ggaba heading to Mukono without life jackets on Tuesday.
Hundreds of people gathered at Pentecostal Revival Ministries (PRM) church Kacumbala in Bukedea district to witness former Buganda Road Court chief magistrate Hensley Ephraim Okalebo wed Margaret Akia whom he has been staying with for the last 38 years.
life imprisonment sentence be passed on him.
Make your way to Namboole because the long-awaited 6th Kampala Twins Festival is finally here.
Would you as a parent send your daughter to a carpentry vocational school?
Tokyo Sexwale - “My candidacy ends today, I end my participation, I leave you four candidates, it’s your problem now”.
Conditions such as sleep dysfunction, psychological distress, depression, anxiety and high blood pressure can all be triggered and exacerbated by loneliness.
dat they close a u children there if we parent dont complain who a u?
the utoda waden is just aguide with no powers2 arrest DMC cars.
It says Ugandan security officers have introduced an additional Sh300 kenyan shillings; equavalent to 8,700 Uganda shillings levy per fisherman on Migingo Island.
Who Is Mohamadi Rafik?
But after a troubled landing and 60 hours of operation, there has largely been radio silence from Philae.
Sepp BLATTER SET TO QUIT AFTER 17 YEARS AS FIFA PRESIDENT.
Injustice roams every where.
The ministry of education has banned the use of mobile phones in schools.
If you are in Entebbe and want to connect to Masaka, there are up to four routes you can utilise to avoid Kampala’s epic traffic jam.
The Police spent Friday battling residents of Naama trading centre in Busimbi division in Mityana municipality, who have for the third time closed the road, as they protested the continued accidents in their trading centre.
83 lives were taken in this experiment.
The elephant was found dead on 2nd February after which the operation was mounted.
The New Vision is with Kol Mi Kay and Wandukwa Emmanuel.
Assistant Commissioner in court for allegedly grabbing wife of policy analyst & MORE in today's NEW VISION newspaper.
their farming is way advanced upto export level.
Why did they not consider such measures the black mambas attacked the courts of law.
Details of this story here:.
Candy moments at the #BGExpo2018.
Loving yourself signals that you could be a pillar of strength and compassion.
Go easy on the animal products, caffeine and sugar as they are hard to digest.
Just how did the criminals hack into the National Identity Card database and access volumes of information?
Tanzania'S independence movement was led by Julius Nyerere, who was educated in Uganda and Scotland.
We still mourn and remember you.
The junta wants to spread that crap so that the involvement of the army in the activities of the police is justified!
But it was his son, Aneez S.B Jaffer, who was responsible for turning Fairway Hotel into the marvel it is today.
The dead have been identified as Aduba Kabaja, 42, a resident of Kitebere landing site and Peter Kasanga, 50, a resident of Songalawo landing site in Ndaiga sub-county.
He who wants to kill a nation KILLS Education.
The government should be accountable and we are doing our work to create more transparency”.
Iso busts ghost veterans’ racket, army officer among suspects.
"Uganda is one of the freest countries in the world," he said when asked about media freedom.
The EAC games that have football, Netball, Volleyball, and Basketball started on Sunday and will end on Wednesday next week.
I could wake up at 4am in the morning to go and fetch water, 1 km away ( at 12 years of age)!
And I am also not a poor man," says President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni.
Uganda still faces challenges in delivering an integrated package of sexual and reproductive health and rights, including supporting young people on the road to realise their potential.
Museveni CALLS FOR DIALOGUE ON LAND.
Speaker orders probe into alleged invasion of Parliament by unauthorized security agents.
Sudanese paramilitary leader and vice-president of the ruling sovereign council Mohamed Hamdan Daglo pointed a finger of blame Wednesday at politicians after a failed coup attempt, state media reported.
Let God take his course!
The New Vision is with Fax Wax Williams and Mpanga Paul.
This year’s #MartyrsDay THEME is, "Unity amidst trials and persecutions," says Archbishop Stephen Kaziimba.
Season with salt and pepper to taste and serve at once or refrigerate until ready to serve.
She said the suspect at one time threatened to do something horrible to her family.
But Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger believes that the only solution to England's problems is to improve the quality of youth coaching.
Calls will be free.
France may pardon executed World War I 'cowards'.
No relationship between us anymore.
The New Vision is with Laguma Jaspher Charles and 2 others.
By Frederick KiwanukaMAJOR Gen.
Errant judicial officers to face tougher sanctions, details in the New Vision.
Ethiopian Airlines is set to begin operating flights to Los Angeles via Dublin.
Those making or selling fake goods may be no more if the government implements the new measures.
Mahmood Mamdani has advised.
That accident is old it happened around Collins house junction .
We think every septic tank is a Septic memory.
Not only most populous but the largest economy on the African continent.
How does a Ugandan Policeman become a millionaire without being crooked?
Mps Were On Board On Their Way Back.
Victor Osimhen says he will be available to play for Nigeria at the Africa Cup of Nations despite currently being out of action while recovering from a smashed cheekbone.
Block it as you blocked # Kyarenga!
Its 9 minutes into the firat game between Brazil and Croatia.
Unveiling the BEST FARMER IN UGANDA award at Vision Group’s head offices today, Vision Group’s CEO, Robert Kabushenga said the competition was aimed at making agriculture a prestigious occupation.
If you are a man, that's the only case when your mother's clan can be a problem.
Uganda'S Leading Daily https://vpg.
To do this, they intentionally infected prostitutes with the disease without informing them.
Sheriff Tiraspol pulled off one of the biggest upsets in Champions League history by beating Real Madrid 2-1 at the Santiago Bernabeu, with Sebastien Thill smashing a stunning 89th-minute winner.
The New Vision is with Irene Sande and Jimmy Wagabaza.
The New Vision added 29 new photos — with Joshua Businge Muleesi.
The ANC has expressed shock and outrage that DStv’s Universal Channel broadcast an obituary of former president Nelson Mandela last night.
A cargo ship carrying 43 crew and about 6,000 cows sank at sea after transmitting a distress signal during a typhoon off Japan, according to a survivor.
I read it through, it was heart melting, thank God all the time felloe people .
Perhaps its been a rough month, But payday is near.
The New Vision is with Jėrö Jae.
It only takes 0.
You have been there for a long time and did a lot of good things too.
The Minister for the Presidency, Winfred Kabakumba Masiko, has vowed not to resign despite calls by several MPs that she steps down as the Police investigates how transmitters owned by the public broadcaster, UBC, ended up at her radio station in Masindi.
Each year, Women Deliver celebrates International Women’s Day by honouring people, organisations and innovations that are delivering for girls and women.
Get a complete digital copy online; epaper.
God bless thee our great Pontiff.
#Offbeatphotography: East African from the rift valley region in Kenya with swagg.
In HEALTH &BEAUTY :HOW MUCH SALT SHOULD BE CONSUMED .
President Yoweri Museveni has directed the Uganda Coffee Development Authority and Uganda National Bureau of Standards to arrest and prosecute people destroying the quality of Uganda’s coffee in Sheema district.
Inhale through your mouth, swallow saliva twice and slowly exhale through your nose for a 100% effective hiccup cure.
The auditors noted that lists of beneficiaries were inflated, while the project lost billions of money as bureaucrats in implementing agencies paid colossal sums to ghost entities (markets).
This link wasn’t seen between more sex and improved relationship satisfaction.
He is now speaking in Tooro language.
The chameleons -- which are protected in Burkina Faso -- were packed in boxes and had a combined weight of around 29 kilos (64 pounds).
Hope Nankunda is a counsellor, a teacher and the founder of raising teenagers Uganda.
Does the President's directive on evicting squatters undermine the powers of the judiciary?
bse of her stupidness bse she was looking for attention.
Why not uganda to fight serial women murderers?
“We all come from one settlement (Nakivaale refugee settlement) but the problem is that we no longer get enough food as compared to the families we have,” one of.
To register or book in advance, Type the message "Yiiya" and send to 8338 or come to our offices on Jinja Road, JR complex.
The surge in pollution has been driven by cold weather and near windless conditions that have trapped exhaust fumes, smoke from wood fires and other pollutants, according to the French capital's AirParif air monitoring service.
I have neither met nor discussed that or any subject with the President in the last seven months,” Mbabazi said.
If The Reds win tonight, they will have set a record of 19 straight English Premier League wins.
The New Vision is with Ven Jones and 12 others.
Toyota said Wednesday it was recalling 6.
#Fact: At 17, Malala is the youngest recipient of the 1.
The bus rammed into a stationary trailer at Kamdini Gulu Highway and both drivers fled the scene |.
That kid on his lap doesnt resemble him.
Has the Uganda National Teachers’ Union (UNATU) failed in its cardinal role of addressing issues affecting teachers?
Details in the New Vision —.
Stir in the Cheddar cheese.
Answer & WIN: Complete the Bride & Groom Magazine Uganda online survey to enter our draw to win exciting #VisionGroup prizes.
At the time of Diana, Princess of Wales' death, the Editor in Chief of the New Vision Barbara Kaija was in Britain as a student.
I am saying this with due respect to all people who have died from any cause.
Mps have paid glowing tribute to Mama Mary Luwum.
If that proves too difficult and you realize that you just don’t care, then it’s time to end things.
If you see no reason to give thanks, the fault lies in yourself," Tecumseh.
President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni with South Sudan President Salva Kiir after holding a discussions at State House Entebbe today.
Fighting in-front of a passionate home crowd, Semata put up a spirited fight in the first four rounds but surprised everyone when he staggered into the fifth to technically lose the fight without throwing a kick in the round.
Watch our The News On-Air bulletin from last night, March 10th, 2021 in your Digital Life Experience app 👉🏾.
Uganda is ready to offer troops as part of a proposed UN African peacekeeping force to be deployed in Central African Republic (CAR) to restore stability there.
How is he making announcements on behalf of EC?
If you think something's wrong, chances are you are right.
Govt is bosco alone .
Haha I also told my frnd that he might be arrested when he brings his drones and starts flying em' about here any how.
Awac is a non-profit organization at the forefront of the fight against cancer through nationwide awareness & screening campaigns.
The government of South Sudan has established a committee to verify the authenticity of Ugandan traders, claiming compensation for supplying goods to South Sudan before and after the 2013 civil war.
The Saudi Arabia deputy ambassador Hazzai Alenazy said in a meeting held with the Muslim community at the Embassy in Kampala.
Today, Bhasker Kotecha owns Midland, a multi-billon empire with business interests that span commercial real estate; Midcom, a leading phone dealership; manufacturing; healthcare and so much more.
This news is nt breaking!
State Minister for ICT Nyombi Thembo displays cash before it was given to NRM party committee members during a meeting at the Kampala Central district offices yesterday.
President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni has a group photo with MPs after state of the nation address.
The New Vision added 36 new photos.
Rwenzori bishop has sacked reverends over immorality .
Read story in the Sunday Vision-https://vpg.
Kcca, Lweza, Busia Fisheries, Bright Stars and Kamuli Park are among clubs set for Uganda Cup round of 16 draws at FUFA House on Wednesday.
Over 31 hajj and several travel companies stand to lose billions of shillings in refunds to clients for whom they had booked hotels and airfare.
2 cocoa grower comes months before Mills was due to stand for re-election at the helm of the West African country that posted double-digit growth in 2011 and has been praised for its strong democracy in a turbulent region.
There is that ex you look at and you think: what the hell had possessed me to date him.
Thinks that if Rwanda is or will help ADF what going on in Uganda , I think there is no Ugandans who will surviving but to you good way is to help kayumba and this is international media ?
#German fans have a message for #BRAZIL.
Former Prime Minister of Uganda, Amama Mbabazi has called for mandatory vaccination enforcement for all Ugandans before reopening of the economy from lockdown.
U can bribe human beings bt u can never bribe the angel of death.
Eviction in Mukono:300 homeless.
53 metre (28 foot) tall "Jesus de Greatest" statue in 2013, hiring a Chinese company to carve it out of white marble.
His residence, on Bulago island located in Lake Victoria in Mukono district, last week.
Get the reasons in New Vision #EPAPER- https://epaper.
Two young men have been arrested in Rukungiri district in connection with the alleged murder of a 49-year-old man.
Ve turnd us into helpless beggers.
Government has completed the noble project of computerising Uganda’s land registry which will greatly minimise the so many land conflicts in the country.
One of them is the question of appointing serving soldiers to the cabinet.
No bridge, no other way to get there.
#Pictureoftheday: Amabere Ga Nyina Mwiru located in Fort portal.
“The majority asserted that violations of any conditions of Mr Kenyatta’s excusal may result in revocation of the partially granted request, and/or the issuance of an arrest warrant, where appropriate”.
Unlike in the past men have embraced the salon jobs and some people have argued that they are better than women.
But all of you my MPs do some thing there Now for my release it seem as if the northern MPs are all afraid i am already prepared it is absude to loose my chair again to any one as in the DLC race Never Give UP!
Today, Benga is remembered for his sacrifice in documentaries and on social media networks like Twitter, a martyr for the cause to end racism.
Speaking to New Vision, the education minister, Maj.
It'S often difficult for parents and kids to get together for a family meal, let alone spend quality time together.
Mayambala says he took a malaria test, which turned out negative, although he had severe headache and fever.
Iskander and Tochka-U tactical missile complexes demonstrated deadly strike precision, which was captured live by drone cameras and shown to foreign delegations attending the drills.
Mathew Mboga Sserubidde, a spare parts dealer along Martin road, dumped his first wife Len Sserubidde also the mother of his three daughters and customarily married Coach Sam Ssimbwa’s daughter, Milly Bayiyana on August 2, 2013.
Many regard this as a clear statement of favouritism from him and that you are a special one.
Passenger Robert Perez told CBS Los Angeles that TSA agents came through the terminal and yelled that a man had a gun.
job in de country.
- it's not really a career is it, but needs must.
' - President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni warns.
Are you enjoying with us?
The sky is the limit.
Happening NOW: The State Minister for Tourism, Godfrey Kiwanda is in Kabale to preside over the Crested Crane Festival which is celebrated ahead of the World Wildlife Day.
But how is that possible when the Ivorian courts have rejected such a move?
If there is no latrine at the lake shore, where do people go?
The Kigezi regional Police spokesperson, Elly Maate identified the deceased as Kashvala Mayur Nathu, aged 26.
The information you give will be confidential, and will only be used to prepare a report of general findings.
Find out why he did this and the Pope’s response.
President Yoweri Museveni has announced the drug for poverty.
That is what makes proud of Naija politics.
Justice Wilson Masalu Musene of Nakawa High Court in his recent ruling quashed the earlier decision reached by Kyambogo University Council recommending the dismissal of Prof Ndiege.
She was admitted to the facility, a women’s protection center for psychological counseling by the Action Aid Uganda after allegedly receiving death threats from anonymous people following her disclosure.
Format *the card serial number* the recharge card pin* your MTNnumber*148.
Did police investigate the MPs for taking the famous UGX 5,000,000= to murder presidential term limits!
Nrm register another achievement inviting and hosting the political head of Vatican state the smallest in the world.
Email doctor on: dr.
Use this as an opportunity to enjoy one another's company and to strengthen the relationship".
But the picture doesnt dipict the story in there.
There is no evidence to this effect, and this court has no jurisdiction to do so,” the Judge said, and added that the powers to declare the Rome Statute inconsistent rest with the Legislature.
Security sources who confirmed Lusses’s arrest said it was linked to the then recent crackdown “terrorist suspects”.
I wonder wat they will do @ the end if they find the real killers.
Can Nobert Tibikoma explained that they have put in place such measures to save time and to allow mourners from far areas to travel back before dark.
I had this a year.
Party order premises authorities to account for insecurity - See more at: .
Thank you God for the gift of life,good health and protection.
Kabalega National Park from now!
The New Vision is at Makerere Medical School at Mulago Hospital.
"She wrote frequently about international news, writing and reporting about Africa, Europe, and the Middle East from our London bureau".
If not well done , it will worsen the vice of corruption.
They later hosted their guests at Serena Hotel in Kampala.
Volkswagen said Wednesday that more than 91,000 of its vehicles in Australia are fitted with emissions-cheating technology, more than two weeks after the global scandal broke.
Because you had produced children and you love them that much they should be buried with you when you die.
lts now so far 35yrs man muswaleko .
We need more supplies for both public and private hospitals' - Emmanuel Ainebyoona, Ministry of Health- Uganda spokesperson.
Fire on Thursday morning gutted guns, ammunition and tear gas store at Soroti Police Station.
Okay, then that's really a great deal, thanks so much!
It doesn’t have to be particularly highbrow reading.
Where is the over 500 Millions dollars they have borrowed?
her apology wont change d fact dat she committed d crime.
St. Paul’s Cathedral Namirembe was fully packed on February 27, 2014 at 0945 hours, by friends of the late Godfrey Mabirizi who came to pay their last rest to their beloved business man.
“We have many graduates including masters’ graduates,who cannot write affective application letters when applying for jobs.
A massive car bomb exploded in a busy area of Mogadishu on Saturday, leaving at least 76 people dead, many of them university students.
<P><Em>The discussions will go on until the African Energy Week (AEW) 2022.
Golan heights of Syria .
Valentine at cps waiting for intoragations .
Just hear him out, and let him know that you'll support him no matter what.
Gleeson sold all her property back in Australia to found a project to help Ugandan orphans.
Michael is busy advertising.
We bring you details in New Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Coach Mike Mutebi will be pleased with his side's flying start.
#Afcon2015Qualifier It is still Madagascar 2 Uganda Cranes 0 deep in the second half of the first leg game.
Pakasa Forum - Vision Group bringing together corporate leaders and top entrepreneurs to discuss opportunities for young people to earn a living.
The money, according to documents seen by New Vision, was refunded by the hotel, part of the Imperial Group of Hotels owned by city tycoon Karim Hirji, on March 22.
A row has erupted between the Attorney General (AG) and the Inspector General of Government (IGG) over a sh39b benefits payment to former Internal Security Organisation (ISO) employees.
Breaking NEWS: The Air Asia search plane spotted "suspicious objects" near Nangka island.
Material if u like,wen yo done wth yo xperiments elsewere N IT HAS WORKED!
By the way where kale kayihura,?
Yoweri Kaguta Museveni meets with opposition MP; with Hon.
Where are their medals any way?
Sausages are fairly fatty, so you don't need to add a lot of extra fat to the pan.
She has also warned the General against threatening her, saying she is executing her duties as a gov't official http://see.
Britain and France each had seven people on board, Egypt six, and Germany five -- though the breakdown was not final.
Read the Saturday Vision for details- https://vpg.
Pius IX (1846–1878): 31 years, 7 months and 23 days (11,560 days).
Its not only Junior police officers but all lower cadres in the government are suffering.
She was found guilty of unlawful neglect act of spreading infectious disease.
The legislator was declared absent without official leave (AWOL) by Parliament.
The National Resistance Movement (NRM) 1st National Vice Chairperson, Alhaji Moses Kigongo, has addressed a strategic meeting of NRM leaders in Kayunga to back their LCV candidate.
Subscribe to our #EPAPER; bit.
Seeing what this thing is doing to big economies, i think its wise for institutions to shutdown.
"His warmth, charm and charisma have helped transform perceptions of the club and develop its profile on a global scale".
The council of ministers passed the shoot-to-kill order at its most recent meeting, Aleu said.
It is already midday and, still hungry, having slept the previous night on empty stomachs, they longingly watch their mother sip a Coke.
Correct line should have been "seeks justice".
The assailants tied up the agricultural workers and slit their throats in the village of Koshobe, the militia said.
No deaths have been reported.
True to his humble nature, this billionaire never had it easy in life.
Dell said Monday it was buying EMC, the world's largest data-storage provider, for $67 billion in a record tech tie-up to accelerate its move into the cloud and mobile market.
He is seeking for bail to enable him access specialized treatment over his ill-health.
Unconfirmed Reports say Whitney Houston's daughter Bobbi Kristina has reportedly been taken off life-support.
The New Vision is with Olobo Moses.
The effective way of raising taxes is by Revie of affordable taxes so that all people all people willing participate in the development of the Nation with nationalistic and patriotic spirit.
5 million followers, was also filled with tweets denouncing the country's president, Vladimir Putin.
we get rid of one expired old man like Kaijura and another sneaks back😠😠😠!
The reason the CEC considered Odumi land is because it is big enough to accommodate different offices.
The move follows the introduction of cash bond tax by the Kenyan Revenue Authority which has seen over 600 containers of goods held at the port.
My due a goat eats were its tied wwwaaachhaa.
You control the music on #HitWishList.
one wonders if it will go with the same!
The empire has not yet figured out how to strike back.
Boost your SME growth with the #PakasaForum2021.
President Museveni has restored peace and stability in all parts of the country and put the economy on the right path,” said Mukula.
Lra & UPDF should also do so in the jungles of CAR.
Swagg brings you all the Glamour at the Uganda Martyrs Namugongo prom.
Make sure children have caring adults in their lives.
Beautiful mother taking care of baby!
The bill was introduced to regulate the public and private markets in Uganda.
People here think only politicians will die of COVID-19 but some of us who have lost loved ones from CORONA know the pain.
The New Vision is with Busaijja Jonan and Onjima Isma Isma.
[Premiering NOW] #SeniorCitizen: The Life of John Nagenda - Senior Presidential Adviser on Media Relations https://youtu.
The residents of Ozua Cell in Kebir ward, Oli Division in Arua municipality on Monday woke up to a shocking discovery of a child's severed head on the veranda of a house.
Arabica coffee is best dried suspended on papyrus mats.
Uganda cranes together with the Ministry of Health have embarked on a campaign to create awareness about the dangers of teenage pregnancies among girls.
For people of Rwanda, that was not an option.
And thats y people especially politicians go abroad for treatment and even If they hear about it they can't present to parliament coz they are not affected, they only discuss issues concerning age limit,land' money and criticizing each other but they don't mind about pple's health!
You don’t need to eat before taking it.
Bajjo will be fine.
1961: The Provisional of the University of East Africa opened its administrative headquarters in the former deputy governor's office behind Lake Victoria Hotel in Entebbe.
The New Vision Green Campaign aims to restore thousands of indigenous trees in Uganda for the future generation.
She'S now Betty Amongi ongom?
The Opposition in Parliament has drafted a motion which if approved by Parliament will see the current 112 districts reduced to a manageable number of 60 districts by the end of 2015.
we pray that may u help us make the best out of today.
Police in Mbarara are holding a private security guard attached to Tiger Security Company for allegedly shooting a man in Rwebikona in Mbarara town.
The alshabab have not owned up this is political coz in coastal region its only Lamu county that did not vote for cord and the mojolity of resindents are the kikuyus most business are owned by kikuyus.
Updf to build mountain war training institute-https://vpg.
Photos: Millions lost after another Owino fire.
به خێرهاتنی گشت خووشكه به ڕێزه كانمان ئه كه ین كه مۆدێلی زستانه ی زۆر جوانمان بۆ هاتووه به نرخی گونجاو .
Lack of Employment and Young Teenage Relationships.
The tragedy took place this morning after the bus that was travelling to Kampala knocked an elephant.
The New Vision added 11 new photos — at Bujagali Dam.
Thank God Im in Uganda where this never happens.
In Verve: Hunted down by humans and nature ,albinos struggle to survive.
Fresh kids has made aright decision because Uganda of days need aleast a little bit same education level .
Eat what ever you want.
A tenant has disappeared in a New York slum, leaving behind strange, original artwork.
Doctors in a hospital in India have removed as many as 232 teeth from the mouth of a 17-year-old boy.
It paine when same one from out come to chaese you away from your house for him to take over.
Get the 🗞️ New Vision, Monday December 13th — bit.
The New Vision is with Arinaitwe Victor and Kizza-Besigye Wrn.
-Musisi’S Sidekick Kalumba flushed out OF KCCA?
The Police in Mpigi is holding 11 drivers for defying a presidential directive stopping public transport in the country.
Apart from Kattikiro and Kadaga.
Rice in the valley awesome!
The former Minister of works Minister Eng.
They should stop that otherwise the are not safe.
The Police in Mubende district have arrested a born-again pastor over alleged theft and obtaining money by false pretense.
Our intervention could have resulted into people's death because we only had live bullets".
Mandela is currently on life support machines.
To many Ugandans, Karukayo is not badly off, because he earns approximately sh12,000 ($4) a day.
We are strong for 2016 and we shall return with medals.
The weekend papers SATURDAY VISION and BUKEDDE LWAMUKAAGA are out.
I love your daily tips.
Prior to being a priest, a priest, it takes a long period of training.
Soares, 92, has been in the Red Cross hospital's intensive care unit since December 13 after taking ill for an undisclosed reason.
A man in central China was caught cheating when 17 of his girlfriends visited him in hospital all at once.
Several army officers have been promoted to higher ranks and some redeployed in a reshuffle announced by President Yoweri Museveni Commander in Chief.
The New Vision is with Moses Nathan Muhangi and 2 others.
The IOC is "fully committed" to holding the 2020 Games in 🇯🇵Tokyo amid the #CoronavirusOutbreak.
Why is she not talking about it.
The New Vision is with Ashiraf Lacky Wellborn and Macharia De Innocent.
Any one who blesses Israel will be blessed and any one who will curse Israel will be cursed be careful in this matter.
The messages allege, among other things, that the Minister’s right to communicate using public media outlets has been curtailed, and calls on the international community not to recognise President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni.
today you must own your economy.
Auditions will be held at the MTN ARENA, LUGOGO ON SATURDAY MARCH 2, 2013 from 9:00am!
Get the details of how the senior official was humbled.
The medicine and health services delivery monitoring unit together with security personnel in Tororo district have unearthed a drug-theft racket.
At last we can see Kampala like we have never before — with all its past pomp and glory.
When you accept that fitness isn't an all-or-nothing proposition, you're more likely to stick with it for life," Maureen Wilson.
While experts cautioned that the work is a long way from being applicable to humans, the research may mark a step forward in efforts to one day treat male infertility.
We bring you the inspiring gradual rise of Abdul Nadduli to a minister.
When Bobby Williamson calls time on his position as Cranes head coach in future, soccer governing body FUFA will have every reason to consider a Ugandan for the national team's top seat.
•The car belonging to Maria Nagirinya, the 28-year-old woman who is feared kidnapped has been found dumped in Nateete, Rubaga division.
Launching of community policing in partnership with Artistes.
Update: Colombia air crash death toll rises to 76.
Dr Elioda Tumwesigye, who swapped constituencies, is one of the six MPs that lost their seats in a court ruling last week.
The protest comes in the wake of the recent shootings in Orlando, the deadliest in modern US history.
Besigye: I have no problem with EC boss Kiggundu.
Business on Thursday came to a standstill in Kiyembe lane in Kampala after a lady was killed by falling debris from a building under construction.
Full story in today's New Vision.
Kabaka should equaly support private schools if he means well, his kingdom is the wealthiest kingdom in east and central Africa, he should not depend on gov't national funding.
She grew up in the USA, but her heart was in Uganda.
Remember that a job, even a great job or a fantastic career, doesn’t give your life meaning, at least not by itself.
Today'S forex rates provided by Bank of Uganda.
In the New Vision Tomorrow.
We are grateful to the staff and first aid team who assisted a customer who sustained minor injuries.
Y ,can u c they r tryin to blindfold DR Congo.
The New Vision added 28 new photos — with Allan Ngobi.
What are UN doing on the Nigeria occupation and re-annexed of Biafra sovereignity?
Started a local school Sserinya primary school deep in Masaka so children in that area can afford to get an education.
Bridge connecting Denmark and Sweden; part of it goes underwater.
If you have had major accomplishments or created successful programs, make sure people know about it especially those in influential positions who could help you advance professionally.
Soldiers walk in the bushes at least in Uganda.
When I read the report I said this is good food.
The New Vision is with Byiringiro Ben Thomas and 3 others.
Senegal goes to the polls Sunday in a presidential contest that incumbent Macky Sall, facing unusually few challengers in a country fond of vigorous political debate, is confident of winning in the first round.
The properties that are on sale through competitive bidding are located on plots 404, 405, and 406 Kibuga Block 9, in Kagugube parish.
President Museveni today made 71 years.
Pakasa is giving u a chance advertise your skills free-of-charge.
Kamau Steve The research covers multiple points, inclusive or people who read numerous papers.
May glory, honour, and praise be unto You our Lord forever and ever.
In the process of delivering her baby, she was found by a gentleman who had gone to ease himself.
Meaning they move 457 meters & sit for 10hrs aday.
Love these home made pots !
Youtube on Thursday entered the increasingly crowded field of music streaming, hoping to reach a new audience through a user-friendly service that seizes on the video giant's vast variety.
"The latest manifestation of arrogance from the ICC is in relation to the elected leaders of Kenya," Mr Museveni said.
Despite requests for her to rest, Sarah insisted on flying out and collapsed and died within the vicinity of the airport, the report said.
93%), Maureen Kyalya polled 40,598 (0.
Unlike what is called freedom today!
Where and how it happened, we bring you the story in today's New Vision.
Not at an upscale hotel.
Kayihura, who led the Police for 12 years.
Stranded voters at BMK Tomusange polling station in Ndeeba, The station has only one ballot box by 9.
On the verge of drying up due to degradation.
The Speaker of Parliament, Rebecca Kadaga, has urged first time Members of Parliament to avoid falling prey to enticements by banks to borrow money.
Find out how Kifeesi thugs were nabbed.
"Get at least 7 hours.
Talk about its kick and Musiimenta testifies if it stumbled on a poacher picking its kick, he risks a kick that can kill a charging lion.
You can’t love anyone more than your willingness to love yourself.
There were some people who did not think that Juliana Kanyomozi would pull off her concert on Friday.
Mtn IS IN TROUBLE AGAIN.
The overpowered fishermen are left stranded in the middle of the lake and only those that can swim to the landing sites survive.
"I was in love with Farzana and killed my first wife because of this love," said the husband.
Igg wants spouses,children's assets declared.
One of the most important keys to controlling/preventing mastitis in dairy cattle is good management practices.
Foods that are rich in complex carbohydrates and contain moderate amounts of healthy fats and protein can help provide the energy you need to make it through the afternoon unscathed.
I tried sleeping but could only manage my left-hand side as any other posture left me coughing incessantly and eventually breathless.
Man refuses to leave seat for Mukono Municipality MP; Betty Namboze in a Judge’s chamber, gets beaten and thrown out of the chambers by unknown men waiting to hear the embattled Lord Mayor Lukwago's case.
You were a great loving hardworking family man and more importantly, a strong believer.
But both teams now face expulsion from Uefa if there is any further violence.
Sonya Harper does and she is spearheading an audacious plan to elevate the welfare of the children at Uganda School of the Deaf (USD) in Ntinda through sport.
As if a marathon wasn't hard enough - #BeijingMarathon runners wear masks to combat smog.
Usa made a virus to deter China economy because it fears China might replace their superiority.
The Police is pursuing three distillers of potent gin over murder after adulterated alcohol killed four people and left blind in two weeks.
Infact no one else ever does.
They have been branded a nuisance by sections of people at some of the installations they guard.
Relationship TIP: Don't ask "how was your day".
Scientists find rare group of children who are naturally immune to malaria.
Morris Ogenga Latigo, the first lawmaker to serve as the Leader of Opposition has decided to shun FDC activities.
The New Vision added 6 new photos.
I can’t believe I feel so sad about my only sister’s wedding.
We bring you the best images captured from all over the country.
But why is it dat pipo before they get them .
How do you identify someone you don't know?
May your soul rest in perfect peace.
Tributes, messages of comfort and support towards the family have come from all parts of the country.
At about 3:00am, about 50 men, travelling on a Fuso truck, demolished houses, waking up the occupants to a terrible shock.
New Vision to release University Guide on Tuesday.
What initially appeared as mockery turned out to be the genesis of his Blessing.
Uganda’S leading opposition party Forum Democratic Change (FDC) has rubbished reports that Mafabi will form own party.
He did not own any personal property, bank account, car or house.
That is the the response to this magnitude of a Pandemic (recommended by Scientists).
Apply for that course at Ndejje University where you will experience an unmatched education today.
The New Vision added 11 new photos — with Lawrence Mawanda.
The answer has been found.
indeed who ever believes that rubbish is an idiot.
Poverty has been ,is and will be a reliable tool used to contain and control Ugandans.
Taking a cup of coffee?
🇬🇧 The House of Commons voted by 391 to 242 to reject the divorce deal.
Vision Group is running a campaign to plant one million trees countrywide, Code named, #GrowATreeForYourGrandchild.
I contributed what I could to its progress and I would want to once again be its official citizen,” he added.
North Korea test-fired a new 'long-range cruise missile' over the weekend, state media reported Monday, with the United States saying the nuclear-armed country was threatening its neighbours and beyond.
Don'T use a song you like as an alarm to wake up.
Ezzati, archbishop of Santiago, is the seventh senior Chilean church official to resign over a scandal which the pope insists must be remedied.
The government has said truck drivers tested for COVID-19 at border points will receive their results in 45 minutes.
MTN ISIN TROUBLE AGAIN.
One election of its kind.
He is a leader who keeps up with the times.
A child is reported dead and several people are treating severe injuries following an accident that occurred in Wakiso town along Hoima Road Tuesday morning.
The army council has elected 10 officers to represent UPDF in the 10th parliament.
A national ID is a basic human right.
President Museveni is to lead a 100km symbolic trek from Galamba in Wakiso district to Birembo in Kibaale district to celebrate freedom fighters' heroic sacrifices for patriotism.
at a later stage.
My dear pleeeeeraz advocate for movement out of Kampala hv another city created like they hv done in Nigeria Tz and.
what so special here .
Keep the gud wrk jenny!
Read details in the Sunday Vision-https://vpg.
Photos by Eddie Ssejoba.
This machine plays zero percent in improving health sector, logging in different from doing work.
Thank You for preserving us amidst these tough times.
Did you see the pathetic state of Mulago on Urban TV last night?
Mps have threatened to block funds for the students' tuition loan scheme until the Ministry of Education brings a law to regulate it.
But his passion for medicine never waned.
Emmanuel Tumusiime Mutebile has been re-appointed as governor Bank of Uganda for a third term which runs for five years:.
- How can they help the vulnerable people including staff to cope better?
She needed to think fast.
Do you know why BOU officials were denied bail?
We are pulling our very own.
149 passengers and eight crew believed to be on board, all died in the crash.
#Bgexpo2017: Everything you need to plan your wedding in a day!
He identified his kidnapper on Agataliko Nfufu after the same man was paraded by Uganda Police Force for allegedly kidnapping another toddler & asking for sh6m.
Police Spokesperson Fred Enanga told New Vision, that over the weekend, they got information about luggage that had been intercepted by Dubai authorities from a..
Mbu they fought when our fathers were just making babies!
By da way where's Christine and Alex?
WACTH FULL VIDEO HERE.
Yet it's kneeling down for countries like Iran.
He should remove term limits too!
The software was developed by Dartmouth University computer scientist Hany Farid.
Get YOUR COPY ONLINE HERE.
8b for the presidential swearing-in ceremony.
In his message to the mourners, Samuel wrote: "When I think of someone invincible, my dad is who comes to mind.
The 76-year-old incumbent, who is seeking a second term of office, won Niger state in the north-central region as well as Jigawa and Kaduna in the key northwest battleground.
It's all shows how top heavy thus administration is structured.
Get a free copy in the New Vision-https://vpg.
Eighteen year old Peace Aketch who reported the death to neighbors, told police that before death, her sister had repeatedly been accused by Oketch of having another lover.
We should actually be given sh500m,” said Jalia Bintu woman MP Masindi.
A baby saved from suffocating in a stampede during the martyrs day celebrations.
Jose Carlos Norte discovered the snooping method in recent weeks.
Government has been urged to speed up the payment processes to contractors and suppliers who take part in public procurement.
A Ugandan father of quadruplets – two boys and two girls – is stranded in hospital with the babies over unpaid medical bills.
Omicron still poses "very high" risk and could overwhelm healthcare systems, the WHO warned on Wednesday, as the highly transmissible coronavirus variant fuelled record outbreaks in many countries.
The targeted shops included those situated along Kampala Road, Nasser Road, Nkurumah, Nakasero, Ben Kiwanuka, Kyaggwe, Dastur streets, among others.
Because of his previous miss, Bergoglio's name had not surfaced among the close contenders among the cardinals before the conclave.
Today marks a year since Muhammad Kirumira, was shot dead.
Senyimba even in class you were dense!
And even if the water was cut to prove a point, should they have done that for two weeks?
#Mychinastory Competition 2020 is now open.
The Ugandan public university management model must be changed to one which permits the university to become a free, responsible and accountable institution.
London 2012: What happened to Uganda?
5 billion barrels of crude oil in the Lake Albert basin.
Nsibambi who teaches law at the university, plans to buy 20 goats this week.
"It'S been a long journey of grafting and grafting".
In scores more reminiscent of rugby, the Federated States of Micronesia were 21-0 down at half-time in the game on Sunday and Fiji complained that they should have scored more.
, look for a wiser way to settle those issues otherwise if using force the whole country will be like bundibuyo and i dont know how much you will spent to kill ugandans just like you did last time.
Continue to cook and stir until vegetables are tender, about 2 more minutes.
But Lutaaya was to prove them wrong.
Get the details in our Health and Beauty section.
Prison should not be taken as a vehicle for breaking marriages,” Nsubuga, a retired Police officer, said.
Live updates on http://j.
Their interaction with these gadgets makes the kids tech-savvy.
KCCA is still present.
Government acquires machines to track absentee teachers and medics.
The Premier League table as it stands before this weekends games.
We are in the same friend group and we all know exactly what he is like.
R_I_P no one wil not path in that way.
Police at Entebbe Airport have arrested a Guinean national with drug pellets stuffed in pieces of latex condoms he had swallowed.
The call came a day after deadly protests against President Joseph Kabila's refusal to step down at the end of his mandate.
#Update: Over 41 arrested in New York as #EricGarner protests spread across #USA after jury fail to indict a cop over choke hold death of Eric Garner.
The trial of former Lord’s Resistance Army (LRA) commander, Colonel Thomas Kwoyelo is underway in Gulu high court.
All is set for Uganda Airlinea maiden flight.
He was welcomed by state minister for foreign affairs, Okello Oryem.
A gift will not only lighten up their fears but also surprise them into a joyous Christmas.
Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) have condemned Umeme's plot to pass on the cost of upgrading its pre-billing system commonly known as Yaka, to consumers.
Help them revise with the first ever competence based curriculum assessments in the New Vision.
“I left my wife with children in bed at about 9:00pm and went fishing, but when I returned in the morning, my wife told me our baby was missing,” Kimese said.
Euphoria as Museveni returns to Montepuez.
its a possible response to suituation & wea not in much control bout it.
The female jaguar escaped its handlers after the ceremony on Monday and attacked a soldier, a spokesman said.
But some Taxis are DMC's.
The best way to beat the afternoon slump is to carefully manage your energy by eating high-energy foods.
This perspective became a law to the first independent Ugandan leadership led by a northerner himself.
Appearing before the committee on Commissions, Statutory Authorities and State Enterprises (COSASE) to answer queries regarding CAA, the minister said following the Auditor General’s findings, he wrote to CAA board and he was yet to receive response.
Post~Graduate diploma means someone has ever graduated at some point before.
Aren't Ugandans making him a High Priest of sorts?
A lack of official news on the leader's health after he first fell ill sparked fevered speculation that he was incapacitated or even dead.
Security guards attached to Saracen Uganda Ltd yesterday pulled off a temporary industrial action where they demanded that the management cures a salary disparity.
Read the full interview here;.
45pm ; SATURDAY 17th Marathon men's final 2.
If you continually try to force a child to do what he is afraid to do, he will become more timid, and will use his brains and energy, not to explore the unknown, but to find ways to avoid the pressures you put on him.
With activity levels decreasing throughout the day, he advises to “eat less as the day goes on”.
Find out how security closed in on them.
The New Vision is with Cadribo Bob Bralex.
Kasita zirya enyama nga ziboggola!
Car owners gona enjoy roads!
Heat oil in a heavy-based saucepan over medium-high heat.
Should idle land be taxed?
Mariam Nalubega managed only 381 votes.
Keep on drinking Pepsi.
What kept its spread low in the last 500,000,000yrs?
Former Tororo district veterinary officer Dr Boniface Obbo has apologized to his junior staff that he ever stepped on their feet during the time of executing his work.
Mujib Kasule cries foul over FUFA nomination process.
Joshua Cheptegei stormed to a world 10km road record with 26:38 in Valencia, breaking the previous record set in 2010 by six seconds.
Its anew type of family planning 4 men!
Parliament on Wednesday paid a glowing tribute to the late Kabaka Yekka Member of Parliament in the 1960s and founder of Fairway Hotel Sherali Bandali Jaffer, praising him for his exceptional contribution to the development of Uganda.
Alex Chesakit (Ug) 2.
hopefully this gets to u!
K'La'S blue-band container is everything these days!
As sm kol t dying 4 nothing, sm of us r aspiring to go die fighting 4 inocent pipo's lives.
Not long after, Christine Amukule visited the US, but couldn't communicate in any other language, apart from her native Ateso.
At that point, ushers brought another chair for Suzan Muhwezi.
Lebanon'S president said the huge fire at the Beirut port could have been an "intentional act of sabotage" or an accident, and those responsible must be held accountable.
Loving your child can be as simple as giving them hugs, spending time with them and listening to their issues seriously.
Pastor Robert Kayanja Ministries has a farm on 1 square mile in Masindi where he grows bananas, pineapples, mangoes & guavas and rears cattle and fish.
Katonga region Police spokesperson, Philip Mukasa, identified the suspect as Abdul Kibuuka, 51, a resident of Butawuka village, Bulo sub-county in Butambala district.
since then i have not forgiven him, he is indeed a detractor.
She was able to walk again.
Good advice, thx, i wish u da best.
Khartoum - Sudan's Interior Minister Ismat Abdul Rahman said Monday that 70 young Sudanese have joined the Islamic State group since the jihadist organisation's emergence, travelling to Syria and Libya.
When you came Uganda exported doctors, today uganda is the biggest supplier of house girls to the middle East.
John Ddumba Ssentamu this Thursday.
Share with us your experience.
they also have feeling,when they fire tear gas to themselves they also run away from it.
Kadaga-Namuganza fight:Mukula writes to Museveni.
The New Vision is with Meso Denis and 3 others.
The Police have issued a fresh terror alert against a possible attack on Uganda by four terrorists from Kazakhstan.
What happened to The 20 people decree required to attend a funeral?
Minister Anite said mafias were baying for her blood.
Read the various ways of how to give your home a quick festive look and which hospitals are ready for emergencies this season.
Says he will be very happy to meet with Tooro youth to discuss developement.
The Airbus A320-200 disappeared en route from Indonesia's second largest city Surabaya to Singapore during a storm early Sunday.
Uganda 5 1 4 0 0 2 -1.
Burundian President Pierre Nkurunziza has died of heart failure, the government said Tuesday in a post from its official Twitter account.
Following the success of last year’s spring project, Cricket without boundaries, an organization based in the UK has posted seven officials to work on the 2016 Cricket project in the country.
Either castration or vasectomy or both must be done.
Ruto, who is accused of orchestrating a wave of violence after Kenya's contested 2007 election, wanted judges to agree that he need only attend the opening and closing sessions of his trial in The Hague, as well as hearings at which victims aired their grievances.
The New Vision is with Echakara Daphne Emilly and Akidi Agnes.
Us President Barack Obama headed back to the United States early Friday after a historic trip to Latin America that saw him make a landmark visit to Cuba before continuing on to Argentina.
~ Nelson Mandela in a message to the Global Convention on Peace and Non-violence, New Delhi, India, 31 January 2004.
Uganda has closed its south-western Bunagana border in Kisoro with Congo.
Pope Francis will on Sunday return to the island of Lesbos, the migration flashpoint he first visited in 2016, to plead for better treatment of refugees as attitudes towards immigrants harden across Europe.
For months, families of those who died after contracting Covid-19 were barred from taking the body back to bury in family tombs, for fear the corpses could still spread the virus.
Poor weapon handling skills.
Embattled UIA boss has run to court to save herself.
They kill anything that stands in their way, young, old, living or none living, religious or not.
One poster showed a small girl sitting with two dogs while a human hand aimed a pair of chopsticks at one of the animals.
The education minister has imposed a ban on transfers' - Dr. Dennis Mugimba, Ministry of Education and Sports Uganda spokesperson.
When six Palestinian inmates escaped #Israel's Gilboa prison through a tunnel dug under a sink in a cell, a massive manhunt for the fugitives was launched.
The New Vision is with Logoro Abdallah Hakim and 3 others.
For more tips 🗞️ 👉🏽 bit.
All of Uganda’s children deserve the opportunity to realise their potential,free from the fear of violence.
So who knew a seabird could live for more than six decades, eh?
Gen Andrew Gutti, Bazibu was charged and he denied the charge.
Yaya Toure will return to international football for the first time in more than a year after being named by the Ivory Coast in their squad for African Nations Cup qualifiers against Sudan this month.
Dp has mourned their fallen former vice-president, while Katikkiro Mayiga blasted undecided politicians.
Yesterday e journalism asked one of the high ranked officers in UPDF to why they haven't announced e cause of death yet e officer answered by saying they have taken the body to mulago for post momentum.
or rather the previous concerts at it wea 4 the dumb using sign language dt could nt mek noise 4d patients at #chinaUganda hospital ?
'Our daughter won us a wedding.
Lead me in the decisions I take, the conversations I have, and the work I do as I engage with the people I meet today — friends or strangers.
Gale holds her at an icy distance.
During his presidency, Mugabe was reported to own several farms that were seized during his controversial land reforms.
We have Nema meant to protect the environment yet the environment I'd depleted.
How do you expect to be speaking LUGANDA throughout ur school time while studying in English and expect to write any sense if your not copying from the board in English?
A man is on the verge of losing his 24-acre piece of land over sh18.
The permanent secretary in the office of the Prime Minister Christine Guwatudde Kintu has assured Bududa landslide victims that were recently relocated to Bulambuli district that the government is going to pay school fees for school going children.
News across the globe; Sudan, US .
Its wrong to prepare a child pass exams only what's important is to prepare a child understand the subjects from foundation level.
Social Democratic Party (SDP) president, Michael Mabikke, has returned to Democratic Party (DP).
Icymi: They came, served and disappeared.
‘Remember too that each child is specially crafted and gifted by God.
35 Minutes to kick off time.
Artisan activities to discovered by our youth.
Ioc president to present Kiprotich his gold medal.
The New Vision is with Ahimbisibwe Edward.
The repetition calms you down because knowing the outcome of the story helps you to feel safe in an unpredictable world and it comforts you by recapturing lost feelings.
In the wake of the latest assasination of the Late Hon.
What does it mean to him and Uganda in general?
The New Vision is with Harriet Makmot.
The price of 20 litre jerrycan of water sky rocketed from the usual sh100–sh300 to between sh1000–sh1500.
3 AND WAIT 4 XUM SECONDS U WILL GET A SERVICE REPLY.
The research entitled ‘Sublingual Misoprostol versus Intramuscular Oxytocin for Prevention of Postpartum Hemorrhage in Uganda: A Double-Blind Randomized Non-Inferiority Trial.
Kanyamunyu is suspected to have shot Akena in the stomach over the denting of his car.
God cannot give you what you will not handle.
The New Jersey emergency management system reports more than 100 people have been injured and others are trapped.
#Chinese Premier Li Keqiang has arrives in #Kenya, the last leg of his four-nation African tour.
The singer has been on felony probation since the 2009 beating of then-girlfriend Rihanna.
Traffic along Jinja Road has been disrupted by a Trailer Accident opposite Lugogo Indoor Stadium.
Parliament has ordered the minister of Internal Affairs, Gen Jeje Odongo to produce a list of all Ugandans currently being held in different detention centres by the security agencies.
coz it does not make sense answering acall in a toilet ringing with Allah's names or Quran.
The New Vision added 39 new photos — at Mubs Nakawa.
Golola Moses: "All Youths should dream.
Britain'S Prince Harry and US First Lady Jill Biden paid homage Monday to US veterans in a virtual ceremony for the Warrior Games, a sports competition for wounded US military veterans.
Police probes more teachers over defilement including Felix Tuhairwe, a teacher at St Peters Nsambya who allegedly defiled a 10-year-old pupil of the same school, as Mpigi monster director Asadu Wamala(pictured) vanishes.
Grate ginger, using the large holes of a box grater, to equal 1 Tbsp.
Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown, now a UN special envoy on global education said this when he met Uganda’s Prime Minister Amama Mbabazi at this week’s 23rd World Economic Forum (WEF) on Africa at the Cape Town International Convention Centre.
” This does nothing to improve your connection and instead, can actually damage it because you're losing the opportunity to regularly connect in a small way.
The rift in Uganda’s main opposition party Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) is deepening following a refusal by the party to bend to the demands of a rival camp.
Is Pastor Namutebi's church the biggest in Uganda?
Kale Kayihura has left his heavily-guarded house in Muyenga, Kampala, where he lived with his family.
Details in the Saturday Vision-https://vpg.
In Secure Future: Is it still relevant to buy a car Get a free pullout in the Sunday Vision https://vpg.
Game plan well executed imagine Leicester.
Bruhan Byaruhanga (Kyambogo) who had shown interest in the speaker’s seat decided to go for deputy speaker.
Bukedde Ttivvi ye yasinze mu ttivvi zonna okulabibwa okusinziira ku kunoonyereza okwakoleddwa.
In 2009 the Supreme Court ruled that military prosecutions of civilians are unlawful and unconstitutional.
The The child has reportedly been bed ridden for two weeks.
Day two: Today, we go again!
The New Vision has been ranked as the most trusted newspaper in Uganda followed by Bukedde, according to research done by Twaweza, a regional NGO.
Kabushenga says that participants will also have a chance to listen to the life story of Patrick Kisuule who started up a savings scheme.
We are still clean, free of corruption.
It was terrifying" - Mark Otile, researcher at Acode.
#Breaking: #Israeli PM; Netanyahu orders military to start ground offensive in #Gaza.
The New Vision is with Emekachukwu Emmy Emeka and 4 others.
Let'S us go 4 moyes coz he now staggering.
Hon Ssekikubo's father; Samwiri Mwagalwa, going to attend a court hearing in which NRMO is seeking to throw out his son and fellow 'rebel' MPs from Parliament.
The disappointing results from a trial of a vaginal gel in South Africa will not disappoint researchers, a regional HIV prevention research expert, Dr Patrick Ndase said.
Mandela, the revered icon of the anti-apartheid struggle in South Africa and one of the towering political figures of the 20th century, died in Johannesburg on December 5 at age 95.
In one of the bizarre incidents, an officer procured 50 cartons of salt from a shop, which was later discovered to be selling hardware.
Various sects of Muslims in different countries have been attacking embassies of the US and its allies, following a film which reportedly demonized Islam and Prophet Mohammed.
High Court has refused to stop URA from attaching over sh20b in Orient Bank (U) Limited, which Haba Group (U) Limited owned by controversial businessman Hassan Basajjabalaba, must pay as taxes.
he only cares about what keeps him and his henchmen in power.
Uganda National Roads Authority (UNRA) has sacked 890 staff in the on-going restructuring process.
Following the treatment, he improved and was recovering very well.
Ugandan politicians are gamblers no serious person can trust them.
I shall try by all means to be part of the jobs.
Mugisa, who claims to be a manager at a dry cleaning company in the city centre, was also caught with fake identity cards from the Office of the President and Kampala.
The others were Livingstone Ssekadde, 32, a father of four and 48-year old Wesonga Mukhwasi who died at his home in Kyebando, a city suburb after reportedly guzzli.
“We need between $300-400m globally to invest in biodiversity every year,” he.
8 percent of the vote compared to 49.
hw abt the black box.
Today'S Front page::::For a complete digital copy go to;http://bit.
Two days after the WHO's announcement, the UN confirmed that more than a dozen cases of vaccine-derived polio had sprung up in nine states across Sudan.
"They are adamant that they won't speak to you lot any more".
The New Vision is with Muzoora Nathan Kay.
The British-born winner of the Nobel Economics Prize joked Monday that he worried the telephone call from Sweden alerting him of the award might have been a prank.
Is this the one killed during Amin's time?
Justice Christopher Madrama Wednesday issued the order agreeing that Sebaggala needed the materials to enable him back the case where he sued MTN, claiming it is infringing on his copyright.
Zsamboki has 25 fights with 19 wins, six draws with six knock outs.
"Cnn has discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian, a former CNN news editor," said a statement posted on the news channel's website.
Can water of 'world's dirtiest river' be drinkable again?
In life the things u enjoy in hiding are always very exciting and addictive, but only just.
More than 100,000 people have died since the Syrian conflict started two and a half years ago, the United Nations says.
There are several criminal activities on the lake, including among others, smuggling and prostitution.
Should government shell out the billions needed to try and salvage UTL?
Chile with earthquakes &tsunami s!
Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) president Col.
Since it's a party of change,no reason why we should get excited whenever changes are made.
On Thursday, Wakiso chairman and the environment officer got roughed up in a scuffle to arrest people they found engaged in sand mining at Nangombe landing site.
*Game played in Sao Paulo.
Uganda 0 - 0 Rwanda.
Outgoing Katikkiro of Buganda Eng.
That'S the problem of loosing hope now however gets Money they begin alleging nonsense .
The New Vision is with Patrick Bwango and Ayebazibwe Edgar.
Watch the expo on all Vision Group TV channels.
I don’t want my husband to know that I have grown feelings for someone I am supposed to call grandfather and at the same time I don’t know how I can stop these ever increasing feelings for the aged supervisor.
Who will be the first to correctly identify this #UgandanHistory location?
Lord, we come before You seeking mercy and grace.
Don’t go crazy trying to make everything better.
In fact they are the greatest disgrace humanity has seen,I'm sure their Creator God weeps for his decision to create them day and night.
The High Court has dismissed the case against UNRA boss Allen Kagina over causing the Government financial loss.
Get a tyre partner who understands the road better, get Dunlop tyres.
The President is done with his speech, anthems (Ugandan and East African) are sung and a group of Acholi entertainers put the icing on the cake with some vibrant dancing for a day that goes down in the history book of Uganda.
Proof of this is who you ask for in your dying moment.
But the goal stands.
A uganda twatomera .
Maama Mary Nanfunka Kisekka, 92, the wife of former Vice President Dr. Samson Kisekka has passed on.
Gov'T to regulate fast food consumption .
After about two minutes, flip them over.
You'll end up hating it.
SEE MORE: #EPAPER: is.
Tow of the militants have reportedly been shot dead and more have sustained injuries.
The Kabaka of Buganda, Ronald Muwenda Mutebi has marked his 57th birthday by attending mass at St. Mary's College Kisubi.
Everyone is in lockdown even the pocket is locked, who are you going to steal now?
With increasing reports of fake Hepatitis B vaccine in the country, the citizens have taken action.
The New Vision is with Wodeya Micheal.
Palestine (Philistines) & Israels' longstanding conflict which ONLY GOD will definitely solve.
With an office above a grocery shop and a staff of just 50, Ireland's data privacy authority makes an unlikely watchdog for hundreds of millions of European web users.
But instead I found these children in an open classroom," he says.
This is 26-year-old Bob Buyungo an acrobat.
The political rival of Major General Kahinda Otafiire jailed for nine months.
Are you aware that involving your child into gaming activities/sports can help kids develop discipline.
Why DON'T PEOPLE LIKE USING CONDOMS?
An honest Pope is His Holiness Pope Francis.
the religion of trouble every time.
For what reason oba?
#Liverpool, 22 points clear of second-placed #ManCity, need two wins from their remaining nine games to their 30-year wait to be crowned English🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 champions.
"The Government is a core of the problems we face as a country.
Oscar Pistorius shuffled through a Pretoria court without his prosthetic legs on Wednesday to show how vulnerable he is as the Paralympian seeks to avoid prison for murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
, This ur time to deal with mtn personally,.
Send invitation to Besigye, mbabazi and sejjusa!
Penalties if it stays this way.
The UPDF has joined in the rescue efforts.
Legislators have queried the COSASE report on closed banks for not naming individuals who mishandled the process.
Traffic is building up at Yusuf Lule Road.
Which brings us to last Thursday’s dance adventures of Vision Group honcho Robert Kabushenga, who also happens to be a Mukiga.
Lc s defence also should came up with statement.
#sof***'em I like her and the REBELS!
The New Vision is with Kyazze Ryan Spencer.
A Kampala trader has shocked his in-laws by dumping their daughter for failing to bear him an heir.
New Vision TV of.
In Kampala, hundreds of mourners, led by Attorney General and Koboko MP Francis Ayume attended memorial prayers at Old Kampala Mosque on August 17.
The councillors are calling for a motion to censure the chairperson.
Add: dongfeng road,pei xian,xuzhou.
This measure is expected to generate about Shs.
Share with us your thoughts about this austerity measure.
I give real hands on instructions .
Read full story; here;http://bit.
Four Constitutional Court judges have unanimously ruled that the re-appointment of retired Chief Justice Benjamin Odoki was unconstitutional.
The New Vision is with Abdallah Kimbowa and 5 others.
I have been with my husband for seven years and married for five.
Yiiiii, ayi, mukama, katonda!
The New Vision added 3 new photos — with Ssekitooleko Emmanuel and Ronald Bagala Bagala.
Find out what is likely to happen, only in the New Vision.
Downing Street says William Hague is to stand down as foreign secretary, as part of a ministerial reshuffle which also sees Ken Clarke leave the cabinet.
I am from Kenya, and am really grateful and thankful for what Dr Greg Carlos has done for me and my family.
Kati why am do we spend millions on the "useless" formal education?
As when fire sets twigs ablaze and causes water to boil, come down to make your name known to your enemies and cause the nations to quake before you!
Love in the air?
The New Vision is with Paul Ondwasi and 3 others.
Australia, the United States, Britain, South Korea and India also offered help ranging from planes and navy ships to experts and investigators.
Over 100 oil pipeline landowners unknown.
I just feel like she is too clingy and nosy.
This innocent beautiful woman has completely no case to answer u less our laws depend on who says what.
Uganda Private Midwives Association (UPMA) is demanding the government to provide them with free essential drugs and supplies in order to improve the quality of services for expectant mothers.
00 am December 1, 2015.
Read the New Vision #EPAPER-https://vpg.
Arsenal were lucky to avoid defeat on the night but Dixon insisted it was not a one-off and that Arsene Wenger’s side have been struggling for a few years.
Kumbe kawukumi is eating NRM.
Sh18M is up for grabs & an all-expenses-paid trip to Ireland.
This makes me laugh.
He is the President of the peple of the republic of Uganda!
Government has denied reports that it has imported a Mi-171E helicopter from Russian for VIP transportation.
President Uhuru Kenyatta said.
A police officer attached to Lyantonde Police station is in sheer pain after his wife cut off his penis accusing him of cheating on her.
Find Rose Twine's story in Pakasa Vision today and like this page for more inspiring stories.
Here are some of the stories to expect in Saturday Vision.
City lawyer Bob Kasango and court clerk Milton Mutegeya who are accused of forging a judicial document in order to steal over sh15.
Isimba and Karuma dams have primarily been known as hydro power generation stations.
The New Vision is with Nsumba Ahmed and 2 others.
The New Vision is with Augustine Politician and Moses Nathan Muhangi.
Don'T miss to Get a Copy of Today's New Vision.
South African soldiers patrolling on roads in Bangui in the Central African Repbulic.
Whatever the occasion was, I highly respect the lady for whatever she was doing.
Watch the video to learn how you can use the #HarvestMoneyWebsite to get all the latest agricultural info.
The United Nations agency, marking International Women's Day, says negative stereotyping undermines the education of girls.
Follow link below and start today to get a crisp clean taste of Uganda's Leading Daily.
These are life skills aimed at empowering the inmates be productive when they leave Luzira other than committing crimes and are sent back to prison, great job Nicolas!
The entrance of Ebola into Uganda has worried not only Ugandans, but world leaders.
Kasirye Ggwanga burial arrangements are underway at Nkene in Mityana District spearheaded by the UPDF.
Whether you are in #Somalia or not these people will attack you.
Online FUNDS LINK .
Life on Earth is even older than we thought, said Australian scientists on Thursday as they unveiled fossils dating back a staggering 3.
Tens of thousands of people have been arrested in regular raids in Turkey against the movement of US-based Muslim preacher Fethullah Gulen since the 2016 coup bid.
Residents could not ascertain the cause of the fire as some suspected electricty, while others said it was a candle.
The First Lady & Minister of Education & Sports, Mrs Janet Museveni and the deputy ambassador of Israel to Uganda, David Eyal, have met & discussed issues of bilateral co-operation.
“Nowhere, not even in Europe, can these values be taken for granted.
Step BY STEP: Live #moscow2013 marathon #kiprotich, #kiprop, #kiplimo .
Besigye: Mine is going to be a campaign of defiance.
Police have managed to evacuate some people to safety as the police they continue to engage the gun men.
[Sponsored] #TheAthenaAwaits: Karibu, Mujjebale, Mwebale Kwijja, Apoyobino, Tusangire.
Over 93% of NSSF members retire with less than shs50m.
Stupid, how is that important to Ugandans.
Very soon we shall start building mansions of our own and you know wat follows after building .
Museveni first communicated the directive on February 22, 2013.
The state department further said that the Central African Republic government might have been have spoken to small isolated group of LRA fighters.
the country en the peoples of uganda love en deserve peace, therefore lets embrace ourselves for this noble cause en change in peace en for the better plz.
Latest news across the world.
Dr Sheldon Mwesigwa has urged Christians to remain committed in the fight to prevent HIV/AIDS.
kampala is already a congested small town, a view of a city is very important, and de structure, what I know this fake engineers are going to construct some simple bridges and they call them flyover taxe on ugs, get some loan from china bcoz this country like dealing in things that doesn't last.
Get the drama, the objections, rulings and pictures in New Vision #EPAPER- https://vpg.
However, some of them want to impose their views on the NRM which will not happen.
Mayanja Nkangi should burn in the hotest part of hell.
But six of the missing persons were confirmed dead after their bodies were retrieved by security forces in the last few days.
#Covid19Ug: Okwogera kwa Pulezidenti ku kirwadde kinnawookeera ekya #CoronaVirus.
The bishop of North Kigezi Diocese, Rt.
According to Maggie Lukowe, Mbabazi's communications officer, Museveni will be served by a team of lawyers including severino Twinobusinge and Micheal Akampurira at State House Entebbe at exactly 2.
Chinese government researchers are using chicken, fish and toads to try to predict earthquakes, media reported.
My Nigerian people for voting wisely same us we did in Uganda here.
Find more about 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️, ?
Poverty has slightly eased in sub-Saharan Africa in the past 20 years but the population boom means the numbers living in extreme conditions remains stubbornly high, a World Bank study showed Friday.
Thank you for your service.
The quarter guard is manned by UPDF soldiers and the Police.
#Worldaidsday2021: Okulwanyisa Siriimu, okukomya okusosola abakalina, n'okulwanyisa endwadde endala ezinafuya emibiri gyaffe.
first ask kamya about life audits and how far it took her.
South Korean President Park Geun-Hye joins a long list of leaders forced to stand down either through formal impeachment proceedings or under the threat of legal challenges.
I find the approach being adopted by my most Honourable brothers and sister justices of this court, to be prejudicial, pre-judgemental and contrary to the duty imposed upon this court.
Forget the jumping and throw-your-hands-up concerts.
What are your predictions?
But global fund, temangalo, chogm etc no one in cells!
Life is one big road with lots of signs.
The BRIDE AND GROOM EXPO will take place June 24-26 at UMA.
ug; or on this platform.
Without the clutch, there would not be a possibility of the engine idling without affecting the tyres.
A year after Stephen Kiprotich struck gold at the London Olympics, the excitement that came with this historic feat is yet to die out.
Can’T he pick some people from here and take them for judgement?
It insisted it "does not operate death squads".
clintons & clinton .
Kyadondo elections: "I am going to construct that road from Namugongo through our area.
If I have to go, I will go home but it should be well planned and that is after many years,” he stated.
The New Vision is with Aneru Henry and Mirosh Godie.
The police is serious about the government measure of suspending public transport.
It is the fifth mass cull this winter in Japan with hundreds of officials working to prevent the spread of the virulent H5 strain, which has been detected at several farms across the country.
So the Prophet decreed it never to be done again.
Beverages may not fill you up, but they sure help fatten you up and have a detrimental effect on your overall health.
Is this what we should be focusing on at the moment?
Attendence is free of charge.
So, what happened to the 71%?
The rate of interest went up from 3% from the previous financial year to 7% because of the improved financial performance, the NSSF chairman, Vincent Ssekono, said.
He was killed by US forces in Pakistan last night.
Malaysia Airlines said it now has to assume "beyond any reasonable doubt" that missing flight MH370 has been lost and and there are no survivors.
Court has ordered prison authorities to allow defence lawyers meet former Allied Democratic Forces (ADF) rebel leader Jamil Mukulu and his co-accused before trial starts on January 25, 2021.
Butime is leading the race which had attracted four people.
Reply Stevo Kiprotich: "The interview"!
Kasaija who was a junior minister took over from Maria Kiwanuka in the March Cabinet reshuffle.
I believe he made the statement sincerely and honestly out of conviction.
My husband and I have been together for 11 years and we are not very badly off financially.
The donor should not have chronic illnesses such as diabetes, hypertension and epilepsy.
Grab a copy of the Saturday Vision for these and more stories.
The curtain falls on former #Zimbabwe president Robert Mugabe.
@ Nayiga this the syndrome that we are suffering from just sitting down and complain, we need to do something about it!
Today, he owns Mandela Schools and the biggest hotel in Bunyoro sub region.
The Saturday paper is out!
“Thank you for all the support, we got People’s choice Crown and managed to get to top 16.
Seems obvious, but it's an important one.
Kasirye is the proprietor of Tuweereza bakery in Mutundwe.
"I asked her, why did you do this?
Grab a free copy in New Vision #EPAPER- https://vpg.
The rover called CURIOSITY will tweet #Nasa back to earth!
Elders in Bukwo and Kapchorwa districts are preparing to circumcise over 200 girls next month despite a new law banning the practice:.
5m) as start-up capital from his guardian but it was commitment, passion, hard work and trustworthiness that made him the billionaire he is today.
Other grievances include poor hygiene and bad meals.
Felix Kulayigye, the squad killed two rebels who are yet to be identified and also captured a number of guns.
According to a statement from Bank of Uganda governor, Mutebile said the bank will remain closed until further notice.
New Makerere University Vice Chancellor, Prof.
Hiv prevalence in the area stands at 6.
The US became the sixth country to greenlight the Pfizer vaccine on Friday night.
She was named the new Vice President at a monthly meeting by USPA president Sabiti Muwanga.
By boycotting the event Trump breaks a tradition that began in 1921 in which journalists invite the US president for a light-hearted roast.
We want to say THANK YOU💟.
Pope Francis will resume limited public weekly audiences early next month, the Vatican has announced, six months after the head of the Catholic Church halted the practice because of the coronavirus pandemic.
“We are one government.
Coronavirus: medics call for total lockdown during festive season |.
Now he is forced to travel the globe to complete three impossible assassinations, and do what he does best, make them look like accidents.
Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen is pushing ahead with his controversial reform agenda with a midterm cabinet reshuffle designed to win back political ground lost to the opposition in 2013 elections.
The New Vision is with Ruth Morah.
& who is responsible?
Sunday Vision has details as to why youth are rushing for civil marriages?
Get the story about the life and times of Hezron Kakuyo, in Saturday Vision.
#Bgexpo2018: The Exhibition makes 10 years this year.
Mr Salgado said that the peacekeeper opened fire on one of his colleagues on Thursday at the UN base in Kidal, northern Mali.
I wish Iraqis solve their political problem through dialogue .
My Question is, who is behind the killing of Muslim clerics in Uganda?
Aguero is the man sacrificed.
Tune in to any of our @VisionGroup platforms today.
Yeah, St Mary's Cheat-ende!
Prison may be one of the most dreaded places for one to live in since you are cut off from the rest of the world.
According to the Rwizi region Police spokesperson, Samson Kasasira, they have re-enforced their force with over 100 police officers to keep law and order.
I don't understand why Ugandans want the president involved in each and every thing.
Roofings belongs to the first family and it has to recover its money at all costs.
Here are some tips on house renovation.
He invests the little he earns.
#Breaking: #BurkinaFaso President Blaise Compaore declares a state of emergency reports the Reuters news agency, citing local radio quoting a signed statement.
Uganda might experience a fuel shortage following a row between the Mombasa oil refinery and marketers that plunged the facility into a financial crisis, experts have warned.
Were the IMF and WB officials not involved in the deal?
Details in today's new vision.
From the Vision Group family to you with love.
The New Vision is with Aketch Princess Shyla.
The development, to be followed by field visits to various parts of the country, is to establish whether the activities were actually carried out and whether there was value for money.
Scientists in the United States are trying to grow human organs inside pigs.
You can also read the New Vision electronic version here >> https://goo.
Relationship Tip: Talk to couples over 65 years old.
Osagie assured Ugandans to shift attention to how they will manage the vast revenue that will come from the success of oil.
Should Ugandans worry about the 55% 2017/18 national budget deficit in terms of service delivery?
The Bible was translated into isiZulu during white minority rule, but from other languages.
A suicide bomber killed at least five people at a crowded nightspot in the city of Beni in the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo Saturday, local officials reported.
Shiiaaah, this life of you people in town here can't apply in our villages.
The Mufti of Uganda Sheikh Shaban Mubajje has lashed out at some Muslims he said are pestering President Yoweri Museveni about Muslim unity in Uganda.
Ga Germany is known in music.
What kind of report is This?
I was wondering why mr.
Find out what court has decided on his case.
🇺🇬🇷🇼 "Uganda wishes to refute allegations that it closed its border with Rwanda.
Operations are normally stationed in one spot which drivers know.
South African Judge Thokozile Masipa on Friday found Oscar Pistorius guilty of culpable homicide, after he was cleared of intentionally murdering girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
He will also co-ordinate the accreditation of participants in the conference.
In 2007, a cross-section of contemporary Ugandan artists came together and recorded cover versions of Lutaaya’s songs, which were compiled into a tribute album.
The Twitter account of Russia's prime minister was hacked on Thursday.
Stress can be delt with in the process.
Although there is a growing number of women accessing contraceptives, the report shows that the 69 focus countries have only registered 46 million more users (30 % increase) since 2012 when the targets were set.
For him the band split at auditions as the judges only choose one to represent.
Don'T get the chickens used to the heat.
“It puzzles to find someone who stole billions sentenced to two years and he goes to prison smiling,” he said.
Do you Know your true HIV status?
The High Court in Soroti has set Friday this week as the date for delivering a ruling regarding Soroti city boundaries.
But don't stop it, since there are many kids with no parents.
"We must take responsibility to safe guard our peace & democracy.
Vision GROUP’S cash-prize drive, for the Stephen Kiprotich who won the country a gold medal on Sunday’s London 2012 Olympic marathon; is massively yielding.
Tutors have attributed the high failure rate among girls studying business, vocational and technical education training (BTVET) certificate courses to pregnancies and maternal problems.
Fathers’ Day cooking competition “Father’s Day Cook off”: To enter the competition email stories about special moments you have shared with your father to Sunday@newvision.
Land ownership started way back before the 1900 agreement, but without registrable interest which would enable surveying and acquiring of titles -- see more at: https://goo.
Increased electricity supply Vs increased consumption costs to Ugandans.
Who enforce those directives ought to also be given quid pro quos of operation.
The I lost 14pounddss quickly using these raspberry dropps typpe in-------->www .
For more than 15 years, smallholder farmers in Uganda have been taking different strides, pursuing more financial benefits from coffee agribusinesses.
Training apprenticeship under the Israel AgroStudies Capacity Building for developing countries.
Tuition fees i not the problem.
The Constitutional court has dismissed a petition in which three royals wanted the enthronement of William Gabula Nadiope IV as the Kyabazinga of Busoga in 2014 declared unconstitutional.
Bridget Ndura, Racheal Kisakye, Sophie Natongo and Milly Aya were arrested on Friday morning at Luwum Street in Kampala calling customers for saloon services.
Breaking: 5 people confirmed dead in Keihangara Ibanda district.
New vision new vision.
That is a violation of the Covid 19 guide lines.
The Commonwealth Parliamentary Conference is also an opportunity for Coffee farmers to market Ugandan Coffee.
What exactly did Uganda export?
Idiocy of Uganda, death u call a development.
#Golola plans to retire in 2014.
Its agriculture bt da fool is investing in roads, are we gonna eat tarmac or he wil use da tax levy from da roads.
I get even better on www.
Muhoozi is ugandan,and i dont see anything wrong,if he wished to stand as president.
Good Devt 4 De Country.
The announcement to the supreme court came the same morning as parliament dissolved itself and set a date for a new election, the third within a year.
Parliament has passed the National Payments Systems Bill, 2019, empowering Bank of Uganda (BOU) to license mobile money operators and ensure that money on dormant accounts is sent to the Consolidated Fund.
44 better than winners of the two last heats.
Thanks the good work.
As we start this day, we call upon your heavenly angels to guide & protect us and, bestow marvellous things on us today.
Examine your role in Somalia now !
Many countries changed their names at independence, most often from ones imposed by their colonisers, while others were rebaptised on emerging from disintegrating.
Am following u ladies from lira thank for program!
This was propaganda .
Members of Nigeria's House of Representatives have asked President Goodluck Jonathan to recall the country's high commissioner to South Africa over the recent xenophobic attacks on foreigners.
Two thermal electricity producers have switched off their generators in protest, causing an acute power scarcity and resumption of the daily 12- hour load-shedding.
So now mbarara has an agruc zone.
Should we conclude that COVID is not a threat but only the western media exaggerates the issue to cause more fear to people with the help of security.
Our neighbourz are in need ov our help,then wy are animals.
You should review their law before you judge.
Now with even a university qualification there's no work.
Ar these men on serious business or wasting our tax for nothing mbu court allowance.
The New Vision added 6 new photos — in Soroti.
A Texas state trooper was ordered to get counseling after he posed for a picture with rapper Snoop Dogg, which the state Department of Public Safety concluded “reflects poorly on the agency,” according to documents made public Wednesday.
My daughter was just 24 years; she had not even fulfilled her dreams.
Amama iz a ugandan, so he iz free to move in any place in uganda wizout any restriction.
I think it's a wise move from the Mengo people .
The parents say they had earlier warned the guard never to talk to their daughter again.
Who do you think will win the league?
The blast, which took place late Saturday in west Kabul, came as Washington and the Taliban were finalising a deal to reduce the US military presence in Afghanistan.
Veteran Politician Hajji Badru Wegulu passed away last night.
Two health workers and a truck driver have tested positive for COVID-19 in Koboko district.
ETEMU and stop there.
never will u achieve it!
Sukhoi Su-25 fighter-bombers finished the job, paving the way for assault helicopters and paratroopers.
The citizens needed to listen to all of them and make a decision on whether they can be trusted as leaders.
Uganda to get more six expressways.
Thats the way to go,no turning back.
Twenty-Seven people were killed in Wednesday's protests in the Sudanese capital Khartoum, a medical source said on Thursday.
2⃣ Submit your Essay to mychina@newvision.
Don’t let circumstances sway you like a candle in the wind.
Hiv/Aids: How three youths disclosed their status.
I think they were dancing to the tune of .
77% in 2020, largely due to lack of appreciation of insurance.
To safeguard against the complications, men wear condoms because they are waterproof.
Your marriage is the only example your child has of what an intimate relationship looks, feels, and sounds like.
France currently has about 400 soldiers based in the C.A.R.'s capital, Bangui.
Opposition MPs have called for the restraining of Deputy Speaker Jacob Oulanya from attending events organised by the NRM party that might impair his impartiality, or else he resigns.
Uganda's immigration policies are weak, many of those refugees could be terrorists or linked to terrorist groups,how will Uganda know?
He had spent over 10 years in a self-imposed exile in the US.
Socialite, Zari Hassan refutes Baby Tiffah’s DNA rumours.
City musician Pius Mayanja popularly known as Pallaso is facing charges of assault and trespass after reportedly attacking an aide of two other Ugandan musicians.
Mocking the president carries a maximum of four years in jail with schoolchildren and journalists amongst those arrested.
Kla-Ebb Expressway murder: Merina's husband quizzed🔎 by security | E-PAPER 👉.
The patas monkey species have several interesting behaviours, which are closely associated with human beings.
What is his legacy?
Most cases are probably unreported, reported to the wrong agencies, or kept confidential by pharmaceutical companies.
Remove from heat, and stir in sugar, eggs, and 1 teaspoon vanilla.
That one will encourage more corruption in the country because after serving will come and enjoy the money.
The Annual headline inflation, the average consumer price level, for the year ending September 2015 increased to 7.
It won Teenz Hottest Radio Station, as well as Teenz Hottest Radio Program (Xplosion).
All fanatics are scary, from any religion or political background.
Us designer Oscar de la Renta dies aged 82.
If so, is it for cultural reasons, the taste or health?
Sure, crashing on the couch after work is great.
What lessons do you learn from this story?
Bank of Uganda is to tighten control of the currency in circulation ahead of the 2016 general elections to prevent a rise in inflation, the governor, Tumusiime Mutebile, has said.
The National Women's Council has encouraged women leaders in Kamuli district to form caucuses to collectively push female-sensitive issues during village meetings in order to fight domestic violence in homes.
Although we have put comprehensive safety and security measures in place, we will review these procedures to make any improvements necessary to help prevent a repetition of this incident.
000H ba fellow ugandans the BIBLE sayz (love your neighbour az you love yourseldf).
A soldier who shot and killed two women at a bar in Luzira, a city suburb, after he was stopped from playing a game of pool, has been sentenced to 50 years in prison by the General Court Martial (GCM).
Forgive and forget Hon.
More than 78 million passengers passed through Dubai in 2015, led by an increase in travellers from India, Britain and Saudi Arabia, the state-owned airport said in a statement.
Security agencies including UPDF, police and officials from Uganda Wildlife Authority (UWA) in collaboration with Natural Resource Conservation Network (NRCN), are investigating the killing of an 85 year old elephant found dead at Karuma Wildlife Reserve in Murchison Falls National Park in Kiryandongo district.
Wasswa says that before he got an accident, their customers couldn’t tell who is who since they worked in the same workshop.
People asked to move back and leave.
This is so draining and stressful.
Medicine is bought without negotiations.
The suspects include two Chinese nationals Liu Wei and Den Xiojun and two Guineans Doukere Sekou and Toure Abou.
The way you move your mouse is unique, like fingerprints, and can be used by dark forces to track you on supposedly anonymous and secure networks like Tor, according to a Barcelona researcher.
Oooh this sweet uganda.
Young people here expressing negative views about Ssematimba's  decision to sit s6 need to learn a few things from him.
Women's 1,500m now on and Achola will come in heat 3 in about 15 minutes.
They meet in a bar where she's grading papers and he's waiting tables, and soon discover, as in so many opposite-side-of-the-track romances, that "They had grown up two miles apart, but it was as if they came from different cities".
That Brexit is non of my business.
Dont miss the Kampala Twins Festival 2018, happening this Sunday at Namboole National Stadium.
Lord, save Uganda from Museveni.
"I heard popping and everybody dropped to the ground," Perez said.
Saying something caring like that first thing will set the other up for their day.
Female condoms continue to receive a very cold shoulder from the ladies.
“The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall”.
It is very open that the loser of Busiro North MP seat Denis Sozi Galabuzi a hidden son to Gen museven and his elder brother Muhoozi Kainerugaba your the responsible for the kidnapp of Hon Johnbosco kibalama because your were in punic that he may defeat you in the 2021 elections yet later God sent Hon Nsubuga Paul and he defeated you.
Even when it comes things that we should do together like shopping for our children for Christmas or to go back to school, he asks them for their lists, buys whatever he can and he tells them to ask me for the rest, without even consulting me.
A 19 year old mother is stranded after giving birth to three children.
In his Christmas sermon, he prayed that God gives Ugandans money to count.
Details in New Vision #EPAPER- https://vpg.
The law enforcers are the number one drunkards!
must be on drugs!
He should tell Americans something they don't already know.
“Every great dream begins with a dreamer.
A global petition calling for a complete ban on wildlife trade has been gaining ground in the wake of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic that is ravaging the world.
He had been living in Nairobi for nearly a year, after leaving London.
Babyproof your home thoroughly, and never leave a child under 5 in the tub alone.
U need another rap?
Find the details in Saturday Vision.
I wish we had an inspiring president.
Today, the 19-year-old’s breasts are uneven — the one on the right-hand side is much bigger than the left — with dark inflammations around the nipples.
And nothing that the government does is done efficiently!
But sometimes I wish I could know what that reason was.
Several pupils of Kasangati Muslim Primary School in Wakiso district have been taken to hospital, complaining of vomiting, stomachache, itching eyes and coughing after being teargassed.
Buy and read the Saturday paper online here.
The New Vision is with Ddamulira Ronald.
Just IN: Former Premier Amama Mbabazi has accepted the terms of The Democratic Alliance.
Find her story in Pakasa only in The New Vision.
Read his story in the Sunday Vision.
What unfair government, schools opened too late, parents paid money without discounts n because of meaningless election schools are closed while their children study abroad @ the expense of the common man!
How the hell can we fight corruption when you want over UGX 1 billion just to install a bishop?
By assisting the vendors, UNRA says that it's not safe for the vendors to trade along the road and that it is one way maximum compliance can be achieved.
She said I was ungrateful for all she had done for me.
YOUR HAPPINESS CAN BE RUINED BY BURNOUT.
Sudan has since hosted more than 43,000 Ethiopian refugees fleeing from the intense fighting into one of its most impoverished regions.
Fire trucks making their way to the area.
The director of Sharia of the Uganda Muslim Supreme Council (UMSC) Sheikh Yahaya Ibrahim Kakungulu has advised Muslims in Uganda to watch for the moon this Sunday.
Uganda'S Jane Suuto finishes 93rd of 109 in a time of 2:44:46 in the Women's Marathon.
But how I wish they were genuine.
“Uganda has gone through turbulent times right from colonial times, characterized by sectarian politics based on religion, military coups, human rights abuse and mismanagement of the economy.
“We must investigate the Entebbe International Airport officials who scanned Namubiru’s luggage and let her through,” Kasingye said.
That'S why you people upload M7 picture instead of another person, but why?
Joseph you had to be alert on that one.
Really Assure them mzeei.
Africa'S adaptation of ABC TV's comedy-drama-mystery series, Desperate Housewives, is to start showing on your TV this Thursday.
Ex-Chelsea football star Alan Hudson said it was "common knowledge" that a former scout at the club was a paedophile, media reported Saturday as an abuse scandal engulfing the sport deepens.
Nominations of aspirants to represent non-unionized workers in Parliament will be carried out today at Mandela National Stadium.
Forget arguing about little stuff like fashion choices and occasional potty language.
Tion is too rooted in them.
My bet ticket,please Dortmund!
We all voted H.E. Yoweri Kaguta Museveni.
Add mascarpone cheese or cream cheese, powdered sugar, and lemon peel; beat until fluffy (mixture will thicken as it is beaten).
Ucc needs one thing only , nothing else .
Paris,(Afp) - US search engine Google has overtaken rival technology titan Apple as the world's top brand in terms of value, global market research agency Millward Brown said Wednesday.
All human beings only lived in Africa until about 100,000 years ago".
The 10 peacekeepers , whose bodies were returned today are:Leutenant David Etua OndomaSergeant Charles Outa.
I advise all these gullible young people to mobilise capital and start farming as a business.
August 16, 2003-Former President Idi Amin died in Jeddah and was buried the same day in the Islamic holy city of Mecca after a funeral attended by Saudi Arabian kingdom officials.
This is reduculous !
By the way this whole charade has not stained President Trump at all rather it will probably help him win the 2020 election.
• We can arrange factory visits of prequalified suppliers.
East Africa’s veteran newspaper columnist Jerry Okungu died on Tuesday at the MP Shah Hospital in Nairobi following a prolonged battle with prostate cancer.
The fire started from a charcoal stove that was left unattended to by the wife of a police officer deployed to guard the store.
The Uganda Communications Commission (UCC) has issued a directive requiring television broadcasters to prioritise local content over foreign content, a move aimed at promoting national identity, culture and enhance benefits from works locally created.
The Uruguayan then proceeded to squander a plethora of chances to put the game out of Arsenal’s reach before Alexis Sanchez grabbed a late equaliser to nick a point.
A senior police officer was robbed at gunpoint over the weekend as thugs carried out daring missions in different areas on the outskirts of Kampala.
What is he doing in the land of the living?
Rotary Cancer Run in Kampala today.
Get your SUNDAY VISION now!
What Jesus' brother said about his birth.
Stephen Kiprotich capped a very very busy day of visits at the Ugandan High Commission at Uganda House.
Kiprotich'S third child had been admitted at Mbale hospital, and was referred to Mulago but died on the way on Friday.
For example, it said domestic investors employed 38,491 workers, with each project employing about 103 people on average compared to the foreign investors who created 33,373 jobs.
he should not have been given.
People lining up for water with buckets?
The best three captions will shine bright in this week's Sun.
Uganda has today blamed the escalation of fighting in eastern Congo on a leaked U.N. report that accused it and Rwanda of supporting Congolese rebels, a document Kampala said damaged its mediation efforts.
Add the grated onion, the drained tomatoes with green chilies, garlic powder, salt, and pepper.
Cook and stir vegetables for 2 minutes.
Offers CONTACT THE AUCTION OFFICE.
Netherlands 5 3 2 0 0 6 +0.
So who is Isaac Mwesigwa?
When examined, it will become common for the viewer not to identify suspects".
Special REPORT : Kaweesi murder: One year later.
Political class may may be indifferent to the Pope's message but it's up to Kenyans to push for change.
Get vaccinated today, and let us bring investments and business back to Uganda.
The #BGExpoUG is already underway at the UMA show grounds.
Makerere University has honoured olympic marathon gold champion Stephen Kiprotich and offered him a scholarship.
They were clearly angry—throwing their hats down and raising their hands up—chatting ‘we are tired, we want our salaries increased.
Evelyn's assumptions for audit my be valid but Keith.
Ethiopian bros, who eat beef raw, a delicasy 4 them, must b salivating @ this pic.
Gabon to host 2017 African Cup of Nations.
He lived under the highway bridge at Bwaise (a suburb in Kampala), from where he would roam about the area.
The occasion was concluded with the launch of a book about Uganda.
When you accept that fitness isn't an all-or-nothing proposition, you're more likely to stick with it for life".
It will only depend on what they mean by mental check up.
As a result, if possible, eat organic foods and, above all else, maintain a balanced diet consisting of fruits, vegetables, complex carbohydrates, complete proteins, and fats including such things as fish oils and flaxseeds.
Germany announced Thursday it would lift in early January strict travel rules for people arriving from countries hardest hit by the Omicron coronavirus variant.
The long-awaited interface of COSASE and Justine Bagyenda finally took place today.
This Guy Ferguson is still causing problems even after retirement?
y r they free?
back then all the phone did was make phone calls and take them of course.
In #Lebanon, people are still trapped in a burning #Beirut hotel after suicide attack .
It is this duty, borne of a man with very meagre means that spurred his creativity; forcing him to peddle Kabalagala over the weekends for an extra dime.
Couples who engage in exciting and enjoyable activities together have greater relationship satisfaction from before to after the shared activity.
Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala on Monday, March 1, 2021, began her work and historic journey as the head of the World Trade Organisation (WTO).
#Elephants are terrified of Bees and actually have a special, distinct vocalization for "Run away the Bees are angry".
Senior Kampala advocates have blamed Police investigators and the prosecution for the botched up case against Kato Kajubi who was on Friday acquitted of ritual murder-http://bit.
Former Inspector General of Police, Kale Kayihura says people he considered close friends deserted him at the darkest hour while he was arrested and charged at the General Court Martial.
Kirumira has been using police to intimidate people for the case of that road it all started in 2017 by then kirumira was using the Dpc of Kabalagala by the names of Mugerwa.
The Legal Notice No.
The existing monarchs in Uganda are irrelevant and are only money extortion ventures.
Have a goal in mind.
Witnesses reported intense shaking in their homes and were shocked by the loud noise.
Like the EPA in the USA companies should be fearful of its reach on enforcement of environmental laws.
Are you TEAM PACQUIAO or TEAM MAYWEATHER?
A Ugandan woman died just before she was about to board a flight from Dubai International Airport on Friday, June 28.
Utoda has defied Government's order on levying extra fees.
An antitrust monitor imposed on Apple as the result of an e-book price-fixing case two years ago will end his stint on Friday, according to a judge's ruling.
What should I do?
The Anti-Corruption Court has deferred hearing of the money laundering charges against city lawyer Nicholas Opiyo to April 30.
“Be fearless in the pursuit of what sets your soul on fire”.
Take deliberate steps to help the economy bounce back.
I have had a lot of respect for my senior colleague counsel Katuntu and I am yet to get the details of his cossase report and if what is being talked about the loopholes in this report is true, Katuntu will have lost respect and moral authority.
An altar opens heavenlies, allowing humanity to tap into heavenlies, to access the power of either the heavenlies or principalities, & effects of altars can go from generation to generation, where 1 ancestor's mistake can affect a lineage.
A judge in the northeastern region of Catalonia remanded him in custody on Friday and stripped his wife of custody of their child for "alleged fraud with regards to the demand for money they made for treatment for their daughter", a court spokeswoman said.
What are you tryimg to celebrate?
Fellow teachers ridiculed him stooping so low but he turned a deaf ear.
Allen Kagina, the Executive Director of Uganda National Roads Authority says unlike many Government entities that are a duplication and wasteful, UNRA is not one of them and ought to be spared from the merging exercise.
He rejected a government job after university, opting to trade in stationary at Nassar Road.
#Endviolence: Parents who emotionally abuse their children usually have limited information on positive parenting and may be misinformed about their children’s needs or development.
West African leaders meeting in Ghana's capital, Accra, are expected to agree a proposal to bind heads of states to two terms in office.
“Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down”.
U hv just waken up frm sleep when others hv already rigged!
That is exactly what mzee Ismail Kayongo, the illiterate father of Mohamood Mukalazi, did.
You keep publicising clubs the other side, the reason I always say FUFA is segregative!
Residents of Nkose, Lujjabwa, Kuye and Kikwiri in Mazinga sub county in Kalangala district have called upon the government to intervene as soon as possible to stop pirates from Tanzania who are terrorizing the people of Ssese islands.
A South African cop takes a nap after a hard day.
He's a great athlete".
Land probe commissioner Frederick Ruhindi has proposed that the government should establish a land bank, saying it will restore sanity in availing land for investment.
With that, he built on a T-shirt selling business he had started in S6 vacation.
Whilst there, 85 men’s semen was tested, and of these, 33 had abnormal semen while 9 men did not have a single sperm in their ejaculate.
•What awaits KCCA'S new team?
Happy Independence day Ghana.
Details and link to follow.
Today is the Day of Reconciliation!
New FDC boss speaks out on Muntu ‘s future in the party .
Kipsiro finishes 14th in 13:20.
The New Vision is with Salvation Moi.
Court in Kasangati has adjourned a case to tomorrow in which Besigye's lawyers are seeking court to order the immediate release of Dr. Kizza-Besigye from house arrest.
We are not happy about this.
#Kenya Deputy President William Ruto has left Kenya for the International Criminal Court trial at the Hague.
But if a man is content with who he is, why would he keep an eye on his wife all the time?
Clinton drew the parallel between Putin’s actions in Ukraine and Hitler’s Germany back in March after Russia began distributing passports to Ukrainian citizens.
#Usiugrad17: @USIUAfrica has 2 new schools: Graduate & Comm/Cinematic Arts ow.
Four years ago (July 11, 2010), terrorists robbed us of our beloved ones in different bomb attacks in Kampala.
otherwise he'll come out after the 2 & 1/2 years to enjoy what he stole.
Do we crucify Luzinda or Emuobor?
Tunisian authorities on Friday detained Seifeddine Makhlouf, a parliamentarian who is bitterly opposed to President Kais Saied.
She relives the memories and the mood in the UK to New Vision TV's Ruth Nasejje 20 years later.
In HER VISION: MOTHERHOOD.
Mr Museveni has more important issues to attend in relation to soliciting votes for MPs, if he's not checking out on his District party leadership well, his personal involvement indicates the.
Should social services budget be cut to boost infrastructure devt budget in the new financial year?
Uganda as a country, has failed to conserve the envt, leading to climatic changes but u wonder when you see someone saying its because of natural factors, to a greater extent it's human factors taking a look at the rate how wetlands are being cut to establish industries.
Words, especially negative comments, stick longer and deeper.
He castigated the local culture for promoting a practice of corruption in the country adding that the rural folk praise those who prosper by embezzling public resources.
Ghost In The Desert!
The money is released on time ,What these guys do they buy treasury bonds and make a profit for some time and then release it.
The Church of Uganda and the education ministry have finally agreed over the appointment of a new headteacher of Gayaza High School.
Three students have been disqualified from the 2015 Makerere University guild presidential race that is due to begin at Livingstone Hall on Friday.
Mtn Uganda announced the conclusion of negotiations for the renewal of its Second National Operator license which expired in October 2018.
Greece come in first, Great Britain come in last www.
Will new Cabinet deliver 2021 vote?
Ok, whichever boda boda is found with signs and symptoms of covid_19 after the presidential directive should be treated like a terrorist, Drs should not waste their time on such lumpens.
no change at all.
Kenya Army Tank driving towards Garissa University College.
The New Vision added 92 new photos.
Leader of Opposition title threatens FDC party unity-https://vpg.
992kg of metamethaphine contrary to section 47(1) and 60(1) of the National drug policy and Authority.
Gayigwe nkwewulira luumu njakukufuna putin.
May i come for more literature classes?
According to the IGG, at least 120 graft cases were frozen, with the DPP alone, due to the petition that paralysed the graft Court.
The New Vision is with Sazuzi Inozuzix.
-Best farmers go to Netherlands EPAPER: https://is.
Very soon another Amin will rise again.
For example, people are not aware the elections for the elderly are taking place”.
Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) is finalising the area traffic management system to reduce likely congestion caused by the opening of the facility.
Experts have called for nationwide screening of the sickle cell condition in newborns.
In Africa, it is only Uganda and Zambia, which have taxes that limit access to the internet.
Security agencies are hunting for Maria Nagirinya Gateni, a staff of CIDI (Community Integrated Development Initiatives (CIDI) a Non-Government Organisation that works in the Water and Sanitation sub-sector, who was reportedly kidnapped on Wednesday night Details 👉https://bit.
It won 148 votes in the 193-nation assembly.
Homes AND CONSTRUCTION: Dangerous signs to look out o while using cooking gas.
Bamugemereire blasts KCCA over encroachers on public access way.
Chinese activists found the warehouse in Yulin, Guanxi province, and managed to negotiate the animals' release.
Samsung Forever Though Am Using An Itel To Comment.
This does not mean that once in prison, one loses all rights.
Starting tomorrow at UMA show grounds.
They say the 19-year-old - named as Pouria Nour Mohammad Mehrdad - was probably migrating to #Germany.
Bracing reduces the risk of injury by enforcing a neutral spine and engages your core, making the push up of a full body exercise.
I think I am the only one who has seen it, "bishop condemns increased morality".
Nakidoka village in Nadunget, Moroto district, had never raised a graduate until last Friday, when Deogratius Lokiru graduated with a post-graduate diploma in law at the Mbarara Law Development Centre.
The New Vision is with Kasule Hachoki.
The New Vision is with Alfred Lethalman and 2 others.
“In expressing her solidarity with the victims, their families and the people of Kenya, and with full respect for the primacy of jurisdiction of the Republic of Kenya, the Prosecutor stands ready to work with the international community and the Government of Kenya to ensure that those responsible for these crimes are brought to justice,” Ms Bensouda said Tuesday.
58 people have been killed in the eastern DR Congo province of Ituri.
Here is the story "Rev.
How did come about.
Do we have a leader in this country?
The Omukama of Bunyoro Kitara Kingdom, Solomon Gafabusa Iguru I, has urged his subjects to work hard if they are to benefit from the various infrastructural projects being established in the region.
Health & Fitness: Do you have any sport you know playing well,it can be a life saver .
says dont look at ur frinz plate whle eatg ada wiz u w not get sustisfd,let natns rise 2creat balance o power,america wants 2 domnate why.
I still have a question,who killed karamagi?
Usuku Member of Parliament, Proscovia Alengot Oromait, has been named among the 20 most powerful women in Africa by Forbes Magazine.
Let’s support girls to live to their full potential, free from FGM.
The New Vision is with Henry Lukwago and Ssebana Noordin.
The Ministry wishes to inform the general public and Members of the international community that Hon.
you should have published figure drops in 100UGX.
The celebrations are taking place at Kikungiri Primary School in Mwanjari Ward, Kabale municipality.
The smoke billowing from Westgate Mall is getting thicker.
He was HIV positive.
President Museveni at the Global #African Investment Summit in London today.
y ol thz ministers!
But, with two weeks until Britain leaves the EU single market, time is finally running out.
Ura contact center is open to help you file your returns.
“We are very happy to have you back, shame upon those who were thinking negatively,” Kasilo County MP Elijah Okupa said.
Health & BEAUTY: WHY CHILDREN NEED TO KNOW THEIR HIV STATUS.
Lawyers for Fifa presidential candidate Prince Ali bin al-Hussein say they have made an official request for Friday's election to be suspended.
She is only 18, a Senior Six leaver with dreams of becoming a lawyer.
anyway it a loss when milk pours u cant get it back.
Govt asked to operationalise HIV/AIDs fund.
President Museveni is now speaking.
He scored twice against SC Villa during the finals.
Cranimer Mugerwa Award is a prestigious Award given in memory of the brave New Vision photojournalist Cranimer Mugerwa who died in March 2001.
the driver of the trialer survived with minor injuries.
Thats fo those with one.
Export rate is low and import rate is high Total balance of payment problems just.
The FLYER attached has all the required information and instructions to be followed.
New vision, yo calender is arabic, i think this s not Zimbabwa where H.E Robert reads past into present, today is 16/10/2015.
nze nakoowa even the women leaders dont know their rights and how to defend for them.
According to the Ministry of Agriculture, Animal Industry and Fisheries (MAAIF), Uganda receives on average over 1500mm of rainfall per annum.
look at the Bush family.
Share your experience of Hurricane Sandy with New Vision http://j.
Servants of the devil themselves.
Will Uganda Cranes fly in Alexandria?
Tim amama kica joni kan awot i ye pe.
The New Vision is with Alfred Ogwang and Ochan Jimjuuko.
We want the Government to understand the situation.
New cars go for sh400m or sh500m.
Kinshasa (AFP) - Gunbattles erupted on Wednesday between soldiers from the Democratic Republic of Congo and rival Rwandan forces on their volatile border, local Congolese officials said.
"I was Chief justice from 1980 to 1986.
Several days before the wedding, they cleared the streets of homeless people who sleep rough - some are ex-soldiers who get little assistance from the government when they return from action.
Meanwhile, Uganda Cranes fans who are stranded in Morocco will be deported in the next two hours.
A number of Tunisian girls who had travelled to Syria to perform “sexual jihad” there have returned back home pregnant, Tunisian Interior Minister Lotfi Bin Jeddo said on Thursday.
Row erupts over sh100b IGG towers.
For most people, meat servings should be about the size of a deck of cards and other servings vary by the type of food.
It worked like clockwork.
The New Vision is with Stephen Kirwa and 3 others.
Why are you asking such a funny question.
The army has dismissed reports that a new rebel group is forming in the Teso region of Eastern Uganda.
The signal has also in the past one week got to Soroti.
Court rejects bid to bar Uhuru’s ICC travel.
"I Ronald Muwenda Mutebi, take you Sylvia Nagginda to be my wife.
katonda abalaba nga mutulugunya abatalina musango ajja kubasasula !
Angola is currently Africa's largest oil producer as militant attacks have reduced Nigeria's output, according to Reuters news agency.
The New Vision is with Hon Mukasa Fred Mbidde and 10 others.
He re-invested until his capital accumulated to sh2.
Update: #Thailand martial law update: Army says no coup, tells all permanent secretaries to gather at 2pm #Bangkok time at army compound.
The resident managed to apprehend 4 of the 8 boys involved in the rape.
Society being subservient to another society.
NEW Vision for details #EPAPER - https://vpg.
Proud to be a Mukiga.
Jamila Lunkuse,15, set to start Heat 5, women's 50 freestyle.
Ths z our country uganda!
Only on Urban TV.
This morning I worship you with the whole of my being.
Life is too short to be wasted on negative thinking.
I like the sound msceeww naye bannange!
Sheikh Ibrahim Hassan Kirya, the Kibuli Spokesperson was gunned down near the Bweyogerere fly over by assailants, becoming the 12th Muslim cleric to meet his death in similar circumstances in the last two years.
“The plaintiff has been denied quiet enjoyment of his home, failure to realise basic benefits, entitlements and privileges such as quiet, peaceful sleep, private study, prayer or holding family functions,” Musinguzi states.
Museveni while meeting world football head Gianni Infantino at State House on Friday, assured FUFA that he is well aware that sports needs more funding, but there are more urgent issues to first be addressed.
You have to be strong and courageous and know that you can do anything you put your mind to.
Museveni has also named Security minister Amama Mbabazi as the new Prime Minister.
Efforts to curb the Democratic Republic of Congo's worst Ebola outbreak are stumbling, medical charity MSF warned.
Another Muslim cleric arrested over the murder Assistant Inspector General of Police Andrew Felix Kaweesi.
Confirmed today morning by Government spokesman OfwonoOpondo: The NRM Central Executive Committee (CEC) has voted to recommend to NEC that Secretary General and Deputy be appointive.
Youth MPs have urged government among other stakeholders, to embark on robust sensitization campaigns in local communities against teenage pregnancies and creating awareness among the young girls, parents and boys about the shortfalls of teenage pregnancies.
He will be performing tonight at Kololo airstrip in the #DirtyDecember concert.
Government signs commercial loan agreement.
Some doctors there are being probed over the sale of body parts.
🇺🇸🇨🇳 The US president had already expressed optimism about the negotiations after meeting with #China's vice premier Liu He.
And against Amin Dada in Kibuli- I was in Uganda Army by then.
Experts explain Museveni's win over Besigye and Mbabazi for that story and more get yourself a copy of the SundayVision here .
It is sad and makes people cry.
The New Vision added 137 new photos.
Often time, we are dressing up for church when he jumps at me and we end up having sex.
Uganda Cranes head coach Bobby Williamson has been fired.
5-inch Quad HD panel made by LG.
Caa PROBED OVER sh5.
Typical do I say not as I do .
It can be tempting to reach for a bag of chips or some cookies when you're stressed out about anything.
The process to appoint a new manager is underway.
No POLICE BOND FOR ROBBERS,MUSEVENI ORDERS.
Qualification is out of their hands, and Portugal and Ghana must win to have any chance of progressing.
The Directorate of Citizenship and Immigration Control has arrested 35 immigrants in Entebbe suspected of being involved in money laundering.
The New Vision is with Kabera Yasin.
The Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) party has said it will be reshuffling its leadership in the House including that of the Leader of Opposition in January next year.
So many we pretend,how do get rid of habit?
What interest do they've in uganda?
Uganda has won another big case against an international construction company that was seeking an additional sh60b of taxpayer’s money.
They want us to use left hand while eating?
Museven is meeting NRM branches in opposition the likes of UPC and Mao's DP.
She does strange things like when i posted photos of our honeymoon on facebook, she was constantly commenting and even giving suggetions on where we should have gone.
The Parliament Appointments Committee has approved the re-appointment of IGP.
The New Vision is with Wilfred Mukaga and James Kiveu.
Galabuzi congratulates Kipsiro and tells him President Museveni is "looking for him".
Uganda'S coffee exports have enjoyed a gradual rise in the last two years.
By Vision ReporterUGANDA is laying the wrong fibre optic cable for the national backbone infrastructure, local and international experts have said.
How best do you think the ministry should handle those who have failed to comply?
I was kicked out of my homeland," the university professor told AFP in English at a staging ground for evacuation operations five kilometres (three miles) west of Aleppo.
I hope our old mothers selling bogoya and yams in MBALE streets will one time also realise the fruits of women emancipation.
Being negative doesnt mean that they a nt ugandans ,thats not equal really they have recruited them and they get mane such that they cn treat them selves .
the charges are fabricated but the struggle continues.
The UPDF has blocked the M23 rebels from entering the country from Congo.
Grab your copy of the Saturday Vision here- https://vpg.
The Police battled with Jose Chameleone as he tried to open his campaign and NUP co-ordination offices, which the Police could not let him do because of the need for social distancing.
Bahiga was gunned down at about 8.
Shell said it is at an "early stage" in reviewing the claims and that the case should be heard in Nigeria.
#Visionupdates #Uganda #UgandaToday #Ethiopia #EthiopianAirlinesCrash bit.
Azara Atibu, has been living positively for the past 36 years.
Ronny what are u saying, do u mean Hon.
Get the MPs arguments in the New Vision.
A South Sudan military court on Thursday found 10 soldiers guilty of raping five foreign aid workers and murdering a local journalist during fighting in Juba in July 2016-https://goo.
The trio are charged with "communicating false statements prejudicial to the state," police spokeswoman Charity Charamba told reporters in the capital.
🔺5 truck drivers from Points of Entry: 3 from Elegu, 1 from Busia, & 1 from Malaba.
( after the sale, who, how many Ugandans will benefit & in which way?
Thought there was something for children but i guess i was wrong.
Lawmakers from the main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP) and ruling AK Party (R) scuffle during a debate on a legislation to boost police powers to control protests, at Parliament in Ankara, Turkey late February 19, 2015.
Government has mooted an amendment to the legal regime governing acquisition of private land for public projects to provide for express acquisition of such land before adequately compensating owners.
In this week's 🗞️ Sunday Vision newspaper, you will get a FREE COPY📰 of the Uganda Argus edition when #Uganda first hosted the Commonwealth Parliamentary Conference 52 years ago.
According to RTL, the shooter injured two police officers.
The city tycoon Godfrey Mabirizi had been battling with an illness for quite some time.
May the good Lord help both of u finish the race.
A man who killed a crocodile that mauled his wife in January this year, has captured another one that attempted to kill a fisherman.
a three-year-old boy rudely called out to his mother at a small family function.
Get all this easy-to-read budget information in one place.
Uganda'S football governing body FUFA unveils Ghanaian Samuel Fabin Kwesi as the new head coach of the U17 national team (The Cubs).
Kampala - Police has warned the public to be alert on high-tech equipment robbers use to detect valuables such as laptops and expensive mobile phones when traveling in public transport vehicles.
In HARVEST MONEY: Soldier trades gun for vanilla .
Tutu, 84, had been admitted to a Cape Town hospital and last week underwent a "minor surgical procedure" to determine the cause of the infection.
@ Muhanguzi what exactly were trying to insinuate with that your statement.
🍫🍬🎂🎁🧸If you set out to do so, which gift would you buy for your partner?
The Kenya Revenue Authority (KRA) and the Uganda Revenue Authority (URA) have signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) to facilitate the establishment of a regional Electronic Cargo Tracking System (ECTS), KRA disclosed on Monday in a statement.
Netanyahu is Israel's longest-serving premier and its most popular politician.
“Apart from my famous daughter you know, I have other children who are not popular and these are not the last ones as I am still getting others,” he said.
#Breaking: Uganda Red Cross Finance Director flee as police arrests another another senior staff in an abrupt raid.
Heat through and serve.
Google co-founder Larry Page made a similar move a few years ago so he could build a massive, 6,000-square-foot mansion.
"Shut up and listen to me.
kp it up daily.
What next for 300 evicted families?
A 37-year-old woman from eastern Uganda is the talk of the town after she rejected sh602,000 from a suitor who wanted to marry her Primary Six daughter.
Mak students have petitioned Parliament’s committee on education and sports, asking for its intervention in the ongoing staff strike at the institution.
Kahinda Otafiire has dismissed a report about deteriorating human rights in Uganda presented by development partners.
To protect themselves from what they suspected to be witchcraft, residents resorted to administering herbs by cutting their skin using shared razor blades.
The New Vision added 214 new photos.
To say my people r stupid can surely be an abuse to stupid people.
Sources say as part of the reshuffle that has already been agreed by President Uhuru Kenyatta and Deputy President William Ruto, the number of cabinet secretaries will be increased to enhance efficiency in the government.
Microsoft on Monday sent out invitations to a September 30 event at which it is expected to provide a glimpse at the next version of its Windows operating system.
Saturday Vision brings you a full list of the winners of the Father’s day competition.
Find a friend or relative whom you like and trust who also wants to establish a healthier lifestyle, suggests Thompson.
Transported like language ?
When people think about raising a family, all they pray for is having healthy babies.
Limit TV time by starting shows in the middle.
The New Vision is with Mary Kelly and Robert Okutulango.
The controversial billboards were dragged behind lorries around six London boroughs, and faced harsh criticism from politicians of all parties.
Buy today's copy of the #NewVision for details.
Twinobusingye says that Museveni was not legally nominated and as such, his nomination to run for the presidency was null and void.
"We booked the flight route via Morocco .
Is he the right one?
The official death toll stands at 278 and no survivors have been found since Wednesday evening.
Breaking up is not only an inevitable or expected thing; it is also a bitter thing.
Now he's fighting the guy from the ghetto!
U must know what u are looking for or else u can't get it!
May we testify of your goodness as our prayers bring about results.
According to Josephine Mayanja-Nkanji, the team's director for information, this has been done to facilitate the continued processes being handled by The Democratic Alliance and also to engage the Police in regards to handling of people who turn up during Mbabazi's consultations.
Sunday'S election was a re-run of a disputed election held on Oct.
Apple has put the Indian plant of its main supplier "on probation" after mass food poisoning and protests over workers’ living conditions.
Do legal battles get any tougher that what he went through to the extent even some media houses had second guessed what the outcome was going to be by breaking fake news that he had lost his case?
However, I discovered a few weeks ago that she had a child when she was still a student.
Her response was shocking: She told me that she would rather hang (kill herself) than leave my home.
Defilement and rape are among the top crimes in Uganda.
•The untold story of Gen.
8b) but the family argues that the property is valued at $8m (about sh29.
Bruce Lee one hand push-up, using only an index finger and a thumb.
India'S fast bowlers took their team close to victory by claiming three wickets on the fifth morning of the first Test against South Africa at SuperSport Park in Centurion on Thursday.
South African ordered to pay $10,000 over monkey Facebook comment.
Uganda, Belgium, Djibouti, Indonesia, Ireland, Mozambique, Nroway, Rwanda, Saudi, Sudan, Somalia, Serbia, Togo, Yemeni, Nepal, Nigeria had one passenger on board each.
More rains have hit Bundibugyo district, where two bridges have been washed away by floods.
= shillings a day $1.
How do you do that to your wife and even in a drinking joint.
What about the accident that happend two days back and 2 woman killed by her convoy.
Guys it should be death penalty.
Politics in animals hahaha lol eeeh.
Unfortunately for him, 2 years from now, he will be dumped where he belongs.
5 grams of ginger can help prevent various types of nausea.
Namubiru was arrested for allegedly being in possession of the illicit drug.
He will address the forum on theme: “Creating Opportunities for Youth in East Africa.
We have no powers to ensure free n fair elections!
The Speaker of Parliament Rebecca Kadaga has ruled that rebel NRM MPs will stay in the House despite being expelled by the party.
The conference, which attracted speakers from OIC Parliaments, discussed conflicts in the Middle East and North Africa, centering on how to bring an end to wars,.
“A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions”.
Find out what was revealed on CCTV footage.
Nothing only to sensitize people and teach them on how to live with covid otherwise lockdown may bring more harm than good.
An insightful look at how an indigenous group of forest dwellers had to give way for conservation of an endangered species of animals in southwestern Uganda.
📲Access the electronic version of the paper here 👉.
Let your mighty hands of protection and strength cover us as we walk through today.
I like it, thanks.
Midfielders: Chrisestom Ntambi, Manco Kawesa, Moses Oloya, Martin Mutumba, Gift Ali, Matovu Sula, Juma Sadam, Brian Majwega, Joseph Mpande Mbolingo, Robert Omunuk and Geoffrey Kizito.
President Museveni is in Rwandan Capital Kigali for the Africa Development Bank annual meeting currently taking place at Kigali International conference centre at the Serena Hotel.
Troops have RPGs and machine guns trained on the column of unarmed Ukrainian soldiers from Belbek, #Crimea.
A Singapore Airlines plane caught fire Monday while making an emergency landing at Changi Airport after turning back from a flight to Milan following an engine oil warning message, the carrier said.
Govt has no money for torture victims — Otafiire https://vpg.
Plz STOP misleading Ugandans.
President Yoweri Museveni awards Kamuli LC5 chairperson Salamu Musumba the Golden Jubilee Medal at the International Women's Day celebrations held in Nakasongola.
@Barackobama Congratulations from Uganda.
He was arrested by the Police on September 10, 2012 from Bamboo Guest House in Mukono town where he was allegedly having sex with the girl.
Over 200 fans packed the Natete shopping mall parking lot on Saturday during the official weigh-in of Ugandan Kick boxer Moses Golola and Romanian Poczo Zoltan ahead of their title fight on Sunday.
WHAT MUSEVENI SAYS ABOUT HIS MURDER.
When tractors razed Naguru and Nakawa housing estates in 2011, it was like a chapter was being rubbed from Uganda’s history.
This Grammy award-winning artiste acts as special agent Hanna in the series, NCIS: Los Angeles, which is now in its 12th season (premiering on DStv in July).
Why Apply Yet They R All Lies.
The New Vision is with Evan's Mubangizi Naboth.
The New Vision is with Isingoma Metternich Michael.
The General Court Martial has ruled that former intelligence chief Brig.
Therefore those supporting him must be enjoying his actions.
Details of how the incident unfolded, all in your Thursday edition of the New Vision #EPAPER- https://epaper.
Follow our broadcast channels for the live updates.
Bou’S Kasekende reveals why Africa EXIM Bank chose Uganda.
Delayed second and third doses of the AstraZeneca vaccine boost immunity against Covid-19, a study by Oxford University, which developed the jab with the British-Swedish firm, said on Monday.
"The prison authorities and police initiated a programme to monitor the ex-convicts on what they do when they get back home.
A total of 213 students from 12 institutions in Uganda have been awarded diplomas.
The adjustment mechanism implemented by the Electricity Regulatory Authority (ERA) will see end users paying bills reflecting the true cost of producing electricity.
In September 2018, I started seeing love messages from her lover.
Uk pensioner returns library book.
While a human being can go without food for more than 40 days, a person can barely survive three to four days without water.
Jurgen Klopp's side are proving to be unstoppable.
I have a two-year-old baby boy.
“Kissing Prophet Mbonye’s shoes is a sign of honour, respect, love and gratefulness that I have for him.
Do you want to know if you were admitted on private Sponsorship at Makerere University?
Where is the kyambogo councilor?
While most of the notes are in the familiar denominations of sh50,000, sh20,000, sh10,000, sh5,000 and sh1,000, the bank also introduced a sh2,000 note:.
Disband refugee police-UN report .
I bought her some clothes and shoes.
"In the interest of nation-building and reconciliation I have decided to place Mr De Kock on parole," Correctional Services Minister Michael Masutha told a news briefing.
#Urbanupdates: Kasaija has admitted that there was a variance in figures he read in the budget speech contrary to figures which were approved by Parliament.
Dr Abed Bwanika polled 86,075 (.
What does the morning find you doing?
#Totofestivalug [SCHOOL VISITS]: Elyon kindegraten primary school WILL BE THERE.
So, the famiy wants to use the President to own property of their wish?
The speaker of Parliament, Rebecca Kadaga has directed government to appear before Parliament on Wednesday and brief the country on what action it is taking in regards to Kenya banning importation of Uganda’s maize and eggs.
By end of deadline on Monday, 51 ladies had registered for the women event that will have both local and foreign golfers competing over 54 holes.
The Government is considering re-imposing tough measures to combat the growing cases of COVID-19 infections.
Juventus said in a tweet to announce the re-appointment of the coach.
Emmy Katabazi, a former aide to ex-Premier Amama Mbabazi has denied charges of absconding from duty and making public statements without authorization from the army.
The Ministry of Health also confirmed five more COVID-19 deaths, bringing the total to 3,285 from 3,280 on Monday.
They contacted Dubai, after which the Dubai Police were contacted and the body traced.
Uganda gives South Sudan up to end of October to remove visa requirement for her citizens.
There have been chaotic scenes in the lower house of the US Congress as Democrats staged a sit-in to demand a vote on gun control legislation.
Its becoming clear by the day, that We may have to fight MUzei out.
They will be tested on levels of distress, how often they socialise, experience temper outbursts.
Dwelling Places Uganda country directory Damon Wamara has opened the session with a prayer, before setting the ball rolling with insightful footage on child trafficking.
Afghanistan'S Taliban authorities have said that women seeking to travel long distances should not be offered road transport unless they are accompanied by a close male relative.
<P>The apparel giant said in a statement that its investigation into the alleged 2016 incident -- which was reported to the company in 2018 -- was inconclusive.
Forces loyal to #SouthSudan former vice-president, Riek Machar claimed they were fully in control of Nasir, a strategic Upper Nile state town.
We explore how to skilfully break up spaces as well as how to build an access road.
“We pray that God guides our President as we start a New Year.
He resigned because he was going to get kicked out of office.
“He is not like the boys of today who abandon girls after impregnating them.
To boost the teams' morale, Speaker, Rebecca Kadaga joined Parliament's Netball team earlier today during the training at Lugogo Indoor Arena.
Catch the making of the next Ugandan Music sensation.
So, how do you pronounce the last name of Steven Mnuchin, the banker, Hollywood producer and political fundraiser tapped by President-elect Donald Trump as the next Treasury secretary?
According to sources within the club, Micho as Sredojevic is popularly known, will today take over from Sudan’s U-23 coach Alfapeh Alnagger.
He should as well stop using the name Abraham, because according to the Bible that name was for a righteous man who feared and obeyed God.
More details on .
6 percent year-over-year decline in tablet sales in the July-September quarter, with 48.
Atleast it's a fair move.
6 million doses of Pfizer vaccine to Uganda.
I do believe the rebel MPs have substantial information en facts for their criticisms and when u clearly analyse them, they are benefiting the least population.
Medical workers have been deployed to Namugongo Martyrs Shrines to provide first aid services and minor surgeries to pilgrims.
Obama'S familial connections to the East African nation were on display as soon as Air force One touched down in Nairobi, with the president's sister Auma Obama among those assembled to greet him.
Here in kotido,our roads are very clear😅.
Arrest those who took them to the bush 1980-1986.
Prof Francis Omaswa clinches a global health accolade.
Uganda hailed for fighting al-shabaab.
Find out the role they played in Nagirinya murder.
Part of the provisions in the Act demands that any one intending to hold a rally or meeting in a public place must first write to Police with in a minimum period of 3 days before the meeting.
Thumbs up for u Doing!
Ntagali said this was a time for all people to repent and live lives befitting a real Christian.
Money spender: Bryan White now claims he is on mission to rescue hustling Ugandans, by giving them money with "no strings attached".
how are you going to integrate them?
"Our 4th valentines together.
#Fuzu: Are you part of the talent revolution?
1 of 1986 is issued http://articles.
I love the whole concept of pakasa and i believe uganda will be tansform if we impliment the value of the training and information got here and also culture of reading this materials.
- "1 in 4 adolescent girls ages 14 to 19 either have a child or pregnant.
Were the choppers prepared for the task?
Especially for Masaka road.
Barcelona defender Dani Alves says the fan who threw a banana at him during Sunday's dramatic 3-2 win at Villarreal should be publicly shamed.
After failing to account, the committee sent them away.
When they have been scrapped it off next budget.
The Democratic Party (DP) and Uganda People's Congress (UPC) are set to meet President Yoweri Museveni on December 29, 2021.
On 23rd December, 2004, The anti-Obusinga group led by Dr. Crispus Kiyonga, the National Political Commissar, gave a seven day ultimatum to Charles Wesley Mumbere and the pro monarchists to renounce their plans to establish a Kingdom in Kasese and Bundibugyo districts.
The suspect was netted by border patrol as he was crossing into Uganda from Kenya on foot through an ungazetted border route.
The Uganda Catholic Episcopal Conference last week postponed the National Uganda Martyrs canonization celebration which was scheduled for October, 18, 2014, but the awareness team named in Luganda as “ekikungo ky’Abajulizi,” is still moving to different parishes in dioceses to interest Christians about the 22 slain Martyrs.
Likes of Mao, Akena, Kamya.
Islam has been tarnished by "forces of darkness" and Saudi Arabia should do more to protect its youth from violent extremism, the kingdom's second crown prince said on Monday.
Hired and paid to cleanse those robbing this nation by claiming that all citizens are equally guilty of corruption.
Colombia z a real test 4 Brazil.
These pipo a really show'g their Bitoone.
Photo by Nancy Obita.
So, I guess, we haven't got our priorities right.
Three of the four NRM Members of Parliament, who were expelled from party, say they petitioned the Speaker calling for disciplinary action against the Prime Minister and Secretary General, Amama Mbabazi for "breach" of their privileges and immunities.
President Yoweri Museveni has given a greenlight to New Holland, a company based in India, to construct a tractor assembling plant, in the country.
Pope Francis wrote that: "We have come to see ourselves as her lords and masters, entitled to plunder her at will.
It’S alleged that one Jamila Nabatanzi aged 21 years, a resident of Ndejje Lubuggumaa in Makindye, Sabagabo, went to the school and picked the kids at 5pm, yesterday (17/11/2014).
Mu7 is a very resourciful person in Africa.
A popular Rwandan musician who has pleaded guilty to plotting attacks against the East African nation's leaders should face life behind bars, a state prosecutor argued Monday.
Full story in Sunday Vision.
E guy was jst makng sure e girls hv a gud lyf .
Pakasa Forum is back!
Rt Rev Bishop Paul Ssemwogerere congratulated the legionaries on clocking 100 years.
The Playboy Mansion, known as the home of extravagant parties where wine flowed like water and scantily clad women scampered around the grounds, is being sold to the bakery billionaire who lives next door.
Sundayextra brings a female footballer.
“We need to pray for our country.
Hofi, who led Mossad between 1974 and 1982, played a prominent role in planning Operation Entebbe.
We speak to Crispin Kaheru, an elections expert.
The New Vision is with Peters Ebosele Ebhohimhen and 10 others.
Zimbabwe is evacuating its nationals caught in anti-foreigner violence that has left scores dead in South Africa.
President Yoweri Museveni has criticized African past leaders and intellectuals for neglecting the energy sector a crucial tool for social transformation and modernization.
As the lockdown eases, the annoying traffic jam on most Kampala roads has returned, seeing as private vehicles have been allowed to move.
To me is he rich at heart because he ain't a greedy man.
They tend to go against every thing East African!
Make your way to Imperial Resort Beach Hotel or login online to attend.
As Sexually Transmitted Infections continue to rise in the country, due to shortage of Condoms, The Uganda Red Cross Society is to distribute 2,972,800 male and 200,000 female condoms country wide.
Two years ago, he said he wished he had met me before getting married.
What more should the government do?
However, on her first encounter with poultry farming, she has managed to demystify the widely held notion that one needs acres of land to farm.
Micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) that were greatly affected by the COVID-19 pandemic are set to access affordable credit that will help them bounce back into businesses.
Now that's a clean sweep by Blues defender Kristian Pedersen to try and stop Foxes midfielder Marc Albrighton!
Uganda has sent a note to Kenya protesting the decision to deny Ugandan milk access to Kenyan market.
Do you have an opinion about the news making headlines today?
Which former school and class?
A clinical psychologist there earns 600.
Buganda Road Court has denied bail to a nurse who injected a baby with HIV-infected blood.
President Yoweri Museveni has received the status report on the COVID-19 situation in the country at his home in Rwakitura, Kuruhura district, New Vision has learnt.
“The carcasses of the lions were found last evening at Ishasha sector with most of their body parts missing".
Starting this October on Urban Television, Bukedde TV and Tvwest Nehinda, watch out for the #FriendsWithBenefits show.
Vision Group statement in relation to the coverage of the death Butaleja district woman MP Cerinah Nebanda.
There are many areas in the Constitution, which certainly require review.
All suspects who were arrested over suspected planned demonstrations will be charged with inciting violence today (Wednesday) at Buganda road court in Kampala.
A truck containing three tons of live cats crammed into bamboo crates was impounded last Tuesday in the Vietnamese capital Hanoi, with police initially undecided how to deal with the animals.
Fifa'S acting president Issa Hayatou insisted he was fit to fill in for suspended Sepp Blatter despite long-running health problems, in a statement sent to AFP.
So I will not miss him.
Like he needs another gigantic hat.
15% of the population across world has some form of disability accounting for around one billion people!
#Shrek movie was inspired by a real person; Maurice Tillet.
The New Vision added 30 new photos.
Let them cm to jesus .
How do ou think these games will end?
The commissioner of traffic Police, Steven Kasiima said the campaign would go a long way in curbing road accidents.
Nakakande’S rise to the crown: I want to bring the Miss World crown to Uganda.
Hope I am both wrong and right!
4Godsake brendan trains players liverpool sales 'em what can he use 2win trophies!
The New Vision is with Brenard Jaofm and 8 others.
Uganda CRANES INITIATIVE: "Lets move away from being Cranes fans to supporters," #UCI's Simon Kaheru at launch of drive to groom new generation of footballers confident and proud to play for their country.
For men will be .
Traffic has been diverted to Queen's Way.
Get tips on how to do it, in the New Vision, e-paper via bit.
M7 is an african top dealer!
The New Vision brings you details why Prof.
This confirmed that infertility in Uganda, which is an African country, was not only from the tubal blockages but from poor quality sperm.
Their will be CHANGE if election are fair and free (ONE PEOPLE ONE UGANDA) BESIGYE oyeee.
State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki told reporters that a man claiming to be senior LRA leader Dominic Ongwen had defected, and was in custody of US forces deployed in the hunt for Kony in the Central African Republic.
I support ndiege's dismissal.
Grab the Saturday Vision for details #EPAPER- https://vpg.
The New Vision is with Alinaitwe Othneal and Franklin Justice.
Morsi has rejected the army ultimatum and vowed to push on with his own plans.
What about Rwandan francs?
Five Kasokoso leaders accused of attempted murder of Kira town council Mayor Mamerito Mugerwa Monday blocked court from passing a ruling in their case.
The New Vision is with Tumukunde Martin.
The trio added that they planned to sit in parliament alongside eight former Labour lawmakers who, also citing their opposition to Brexit, resigned from the main opposition party this week to form the new Independent Group.
Does he really owe anyone any explanation, eeeh Uganda 😏.
Katumba Wamala in Munyonyo.
Nita-U has developed an e-licensing system aimed at helping the National Forestry Authority (NFA) in the registration and licensing of tree farmers and dissemination of information.
Gladys you are real a mother this world needs.
Jose Mourinho says Manchester United's humiliation at Watford underlines how much work needs to be done to transform his spluttering side into title contenders.
Etienne Kabagambe who succumbed to COVID-19 in December.
The New Vision is with Moses Nathan Muhangi and Ssentongo Johnbosco Z John.
Dude in the picture looks like he will be drinking up all that milk!
Besigye had gone to court seeking redress over his walk to work protests.
What did Uganda police do to deserve terrible state the government handles their issues?
Geting rich is all wat we want but my country its like creating problems on yo self.
More goals please boys,I need that party at the last mins.
Find out why the court has dismissed the case.
The New Vision is with Kawunyemu Bretty Rashid and 3 others.
Richard Nixon announced his resignation as a result of the Watergate scandal.
I need a laptop for my work, yet I cannot afford to buy another one.
Love to Love; a local NGO that supports and empower young people who are HIV positive to take informed decisions from time to time, held an awareness campaign yesterday at the National theater.
Men in Luwero district are excited about an opportunity to marry wives at a cheap price.
He has never even visited the one Country where his father came from.
Lawrence Mukiibi asked for a white funeral.
Jeje Odongo, the state minister for defence, said discussions were ongoing between the Government, UN and AU on whether Uganda can send other helicopters.
Buganda Road Court has acquitted city businessman Justus Kashoma of all charges in the case in which he was accused of attempting to defraud Stanbic bank of $ 500,000 (shs1.
Double standards coz we know u are working for the interests of the white man.
museveni, what agud new yr 4 dr.
Will chaos resurrect if Uganda leaves Somalia?
How has the #coronavirus😷 crisis affected your personal or business budget?
See more photos 👉🏿.
The Ogale community of about 40,000 people in Rivers State, on the coast of Nigeria, who are mainly farmers or fishermen, are some of the claimants.
Q: Who is Uganda's best bet for a medal at London 2012?
Over 190,000 jobs will be created by the LC1 elections come July.
Members of the Amama Mbabazi legal team have served President Yoweri Museveni.
Share pictures of you rocking the hijab and/or why you love wearing one (use the hashtag #CelebratingUGStyle) and remember to tag us in your posts.
That is one of Alice Bailys principal of reducing parental authority.
Why do they teach Co curriculum activities?
Get the details in the New Vision.
The New Vision added 7 new photos — with Balwana Andrew.
Located near kiniga district.
Sources told New Vision that the plane is one of many purchased during President Idi Amin's time.
Who was Ibrahim Abiriga?
A total of 52 law graduates have been enrolled as advocates by the Registrar High Court Isaac Muwaata at the High Court.
But that channel did not work.
Grab yourself a copy of NEW Vision for details #EPAPER - https://vpg.
There are conflicting reports over the arrest.
But her parents never liked you.
Uganda RUNS OUT OF VITAL HIV DRUG.
I don't care what the kid think.
Holders, Wananchi continued their title defence with a commanding 5-0 victory against Weatherhead in the men’s division on Saturday at the Lugogo National Hockey stadium.
The New Vision is with Kawuma Francis.
So this is what whites call an achievement because they have managed to bring their curse into d country and caused God to forsake Uganda till we a in where we a now!
South Africa's parent to Stanbic Bank Uganda Limited, took up 80% ownership of Ugandan Commercial Bank Limited (UCBL) at $19.
The New Vision is with Talent Jonathan Chiccah Chikahamadze.
Caveats could do as a means of fending off Buyers.
Universities TO SCRAP COURSES.
They should be weighing above 50kg, aged 17 years and above and should neither be menstruating nor pregnant -- see more at: https://goo.
Ibrahim Abiriga who was gunned down on Friday evening as he approached his home in Kawanda,.
Fluff rice with a fork to serve.
He talked about the reopening of the economy and schools that will happen in a "staggered manner".
In INTIMATE: My wife is the best Partner says Ragga Dee.
There will be presentations from representatives of various professional bodies.
Hundreds of Born-again Christians braved the heavy downpour to attend prayers at Bethel healing centre in Bugumba zone Iganga municipality to bid farewell to the year 2021.
Thousands already thronging Namboole stadium for the 4pm match.
A report in the medical journal The Lancet, scientists said that a new analysis of Richard III's remains show he had a case of intestinal parasites.
Do you know the lucky winners of this year's Best Farmers Awards?
Museveni to lead peace talks to end South Sudan war.
The Malawi Defense Force has dismissed speculations that it intends to take over government as an interim solution to the current electoral stalemate.
Unfortunately, NRM and its leadership, MPs including the president, have no -whatsoever the moral authority to impose any tax onto the citizens of Uganda.
Huawei and other firms are scheduled to carry out 5G smartphone demos at the fair even though the next generation wireless network will not be widely available for.
Ambition is the path to success.
Therefore, for those who think God forgotten u, dats not right pliz.
85% of the presidential votes whereas incumbent Mahama had 44.
Get the detailed story in New Vision.
Rene Nassuna Ntale of the hit Gyobera, is one of the most popular musicians in the country and was recently featured on BBC’s Focus on Africa.
We have had no fundamental problem, but I sense resentment towards me among his family members.
But on Wednesday, a police officer told AFP they had been buried in accordance with Vietnamese law on smuggled goods.
U will not manage, u a too powerful u some one like u too.
The opposition in parliament has recommended the downsizing of the entire structure of governance including ministers and MPs in order to stem what it called “runaway costs on political administration”.
Police names traffic offenders, Full list in Sunday Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Thank you for today, a new opportunity to love, give, and be all that you want me to be.
Like Pakasa Vision for more.
New vision please type that name correctly.
In a separate bowl, cream together butter and brown sugar.
I respect U.K.'s wise decision to abide and oblige with requirements of the ICC.
This is because the former Prime Minister's team has not officially written to police seeking permission.
He said dat in Uganda there's only one person wid vision kati ate Ye akima kki ?
The late Godfrey was whole seller businessman dealing in rice and sugar and real Estate Development.
Nuha Mwesigwa said that before the scholar's death, a number of projects initiated to keep his legacy alive were facing financial constraints.
New Vision is yet to established what led to his death.
9 million Ugandans, 18% or 6,282,000 of them are children under 5 years of age.
N wind it up.
The New Vision added 16 new photos — with Elizabeth Gwokyalya.
Terror Suspect arrested at Makerere Hostel.
Ln 2020 the locust invasion posed a great threat to the agricultural sector and food security in the country.
Details in the Sunday Vision, June 20th.
“I wish to state categorically and unequivocally that I was not raped by Prof.
In the photo,Some of the pilgrims and passengers who had not sustained injuries board another bus which continued them to Fort portal.
Uganda has one confirmed case.
Through the use of drama and role play, the participants were trained on socio-cultural factors and gender issues that prevent communities, especially women and children from benefiting from the oil and gas industry.
The New Vision is with Azizi Kibuka and Matte Ibrahim.
The victims of the latter coaster heading to Kampala are said to have been going for prayers at Pastor Samuel Kakande’s church in Kampala.
Technology has gone far since the industrial revolution God pitty us Africans who are divising killing another and looting our nations.
Alarm raised as eastern region health centres run out of ARVs.
President Yoweri Museveni and First Lady Janet Museveni have today taken their second jab of the #Covid_19 vaccine.
Place the chicken broth and rice in a large pot.
Is harmony among co-wives possible?
the murderers are in the congregation.
The Generals were recognised for fight against terrorism and pacification efforts in Somalia.
Get this crazy nilotic idiot off our computers.
Genocide, the key charge arising from the Srebrenica massacre two decades ago, is the gravest crime in international humanitarian law, yet it is also the most difficult to prove.
“These were merely preventive arrests because they had not complied with section 5 of the Public Order Management Act which stipulates that they are supposed to inform police three days in advance” Enanga stressed.
Any direction for this new block?
I doubt dis information, plse if u know dis is true give us da detailed information!
You can change the outlook of your bathroom by beautifying it with trending wallpaper, shower enclosures, faucets (mixers or taps) and tiles.
Do not send more.
Watching from Maryland USA.
Lifehack: When meeting someone for the first time, ask them what they "like" to do rather than what they do.
#Liverpool'S coronation as English🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 champions for the first time in 30 years is the culmination of a dramatic journey since Jurgen Klopp's appointment as manager in 2015.
Its alleged that Judith Atim on the 3rd of March this year,drew her blood contaminated with the Virus .
If you are guilty of taking your partner for granted, all is not lost.
Study and work in whatever seemingly unrelated areas you are interested in, even if it's just a hobby.
Kawooya worked as a potter at construction sites to pay for his school fees.
Kiyonga reported in that budget that the country was suffering severe balance of payments problems, with inflows from abroad outweighed by the outflows to pay for debt repayments, imported goods, and services.
Vermiculite, limestone, dimension stone silica and coal.
Get a free copy.
Noah Njuki, the Entebbe Resident District Commissioner has said beaches and bars will remain closed for December 31st celebrations.
Butif it's below other professios, we are determinedto move.
Education officers and Inspectors of Schools have asked the ministry of education to decentralize medical boards to effectively attend to terminally sick teachers.
Since it was a working day and the children were in school, I picked them from school, so that we could celebrate the.
In the Barclays Premier League Today.
Uganda,Tanzania IN GAS PIPELINE DEAL.
Liberia are still sweating over the likely absence of injured first team defenders Teah Dennis and Solomon Grimes and captain Anthony Laffor.
We had to switch it up so we too could chill with the big boys😉.
Losing a police officer is sullen.
Joyce Nyakato, a former features writer at New Vision passed on Wednesday at the Georgetown University Hospital in Washington DC.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Striker Lambert and centre-back Lovren are in contention to make their Barclays Premier League debuts for Rodgers' side against their previous employers.
Tottenham manager Antonio Conte is certain misfiring striker Harry Kane is primed to end his barren run in the Premier League.
Don'T let the moment takeover as you enjoy the season.
That trophy is cartoon.
Writes; "To many still asking for my position on the army parliamentary seat I have occupied for the past nearly three years, Yes I officially resigned and handed the seat back to Rt Hon speaker who will make necessary legal and administrative arrangements to fill the house.
Look at these fools, instead improving health care systems to counter attack the pandemic.
The incident happened today; Sunday afternoon in Bujangu village where Ajambo had been since Friday last week.
A mini reshuffle of RDCs in Buganda region.
Poland 2016 world youth day, more reason to love you, this is good.
Fisheries Protection Unit (FPU) commander Lt Col Dick Kirya Kaija has confirmed that four soldiers attached to the unit were today morning arrested by Kenyan coast guards.
Aligawesa says they will convene a meeting on Tuesday to chart out an implementation roadmap.
"You want to aim for a breakfast that combines good carbs and fiber with some protein," says Erica Giovinazzo, MS, RD, a nutritionist :: But dont over load like this dude.
Kcca Executive Director, Jennifer Musisi and her team meet up with the Lord Mayor, Erias Lukwago and his Deputy.
By Billy Rwothungeyo The merrymaking of the Christmas holiday is done.
And u think he will take that lightly?
Who experts and colleagues from two other organisations "endorsed a protocol for phase III clinical trials of herbal medicine for Covid-19.
Muwonge weds the couple at St. Apollo Kiveebulaaya church in Namasuba.
Find out why Mbarara Hospital is seeking to be upgraded to National Referral status.
'We shall not leave DRC until ADF is completely destroyed.
Assume that if something was said that hurt your feelings, it wasn’t intended that way.
“I joined my elder sister who started selling boiled groundnuts to raise school fees when she was in P2.
Hahaha this time my dividents am gona eat the monie.
Like her hair today?
It got to be in the luwero triangle!
I heard that that investment of 21 years benefits has stop for now.
Is this statement still standing?
Byenkya tells court that the circumstances of the current petition (by Amama Mbabazi) are not exceptional and that the same things have been said over again.
The protest leaders had planned to name members of a civilian body to take over from the ruling military council which took power on April 11 after ousting veteran.
Do you have any memories of her?
I have been dating my boyfriend for four years.
(Photos by Francis Emorut.
The people loved him and still do.
He won after getting 58% of vote.
He will b da top scorer!
Full story in the Sunday Vision-https://vpg.
First remove the fork.
The younger child was abducted late Friday by two men from a religious event in west Delhi's Nangloi area and sexually assaulted before being dumped in a park near her home, police and relatives said.
I also cannot forget to thank the team I work with, it’s because of them that I have made it”.
We have the full story in the New Vision.
However, the entrances to Bethlehem are closed.
Coz these guys kill in the name of allah mbu fighting for islam.
Confort all the way, keep voting for her guys she is good!
Besigye should learn from her.
#Burkinafaso military appoints General Gilbert Diendéré as new president.
The New Vision is with Eddyk Kis.
It, among other practices, like bowing to images, baptising children and praying for the dead caused a split in the early church as more and more local norms became dogma.
Eight people have been detained by the Egyptian authorities on accusations of belonging to the Muslim Brotherhood and helping to fund a plot to overthrow the state, a judicial source told AFP.
We just give advice to all police officers who are on wanted list that be calm don't run as ISO,sfc, CMI does their work as you used to tell us.
Both Iran and Russia are under sanctions by the West.
A lot of people have conceptual ideas and conceptual dreams, and you just have to be able to distinguish between what is a hobby and what is a passion and what you can actually turn into a business.
Who is your favorite?
The world is looking to Africa for resources, Africans are busy looking for an unknown places in the sky!
And SO MUCH MORE.
#Inthenewvision: Deputy Speaker Jacob Oulanyah has been dragged to court over the kidnap of his political rival.
Over the years, a lot has changed.
On an equinox, day and night are of approximately equal duration all over the planet.
#Netballworldcup #FinalScore Uganda 47 Wales 49.
Former Arsenal defender Lauren Etame Mayer is in the country to inspire youngsters of the Airtel Rising Stars programe into becoming football greats like him.
Mohamed Nasheed is a Maldivian Marine Scientist, environmental activist and politician who served as the fourth President of the Maldives from 2008 to 2012.
Can private security firms handle terrorism?
The blackout was enforced after two photographers hid in bushes near the team hotel and took pictures of players that appeared online.
Longlive OUR BELOVED KING OF BUGANDA YR HIGHNESS RONALD MUTEBI II.
Idah Nantaba will become the new State Minister for Land after her nomination was approved by Parliament in a meeting chaired by Deputy Speaker, Jacob Oulanyah.
Tells Obama, “Drone strikes are fueling terrorism.
Let Us Bi Faithful Like Da Uganda Martyrs Ov Ug.
Willy Mungoma, the district health educator, said most of the women think their husbands may take long to heal, thereby denying them sex.
Hosted by Speaker Rebecca Kadaga, the inaugural thanksgiving celebration has corporate families, clients, employees, loyal patrons and friends to a grand dinner👉.
The New Vision added 8 new photos — at Fort Portal, Uganda.
Kcca spokesperson Peter Kaujju said they have limited taxi stages in the park to only 48, and only 350 taxis will be accommodated.
The New Vision is with Kaddu David.
She died Sunday of congestive heart failure.
Long convoy of motorcycles and cars followed Kutesa as he arrived back home.
Another ROAD ACCIDENT: This accident at Nakasongola today at 5:am involved a bus from Koboko heading to Kampala.
food, home, basic needs and sex wat more can ey ask 4 .
Four people on Monday (November 23, 2020) evening died on spot after the taxi they were traveling in from Tororo to Busia veered off the bridge and plunged into river Malaba.
Early intervention is good to resolve issues.
Instead of buying a wreath, Rubaga mayor Joyce Ssebugwawo donates five seedlings to the bereaved family.
Ahead of the week-long event, in this.
Then which age shd produce ,if u stop the most fertile en productive age?
Dear Rotarian, but in Uganda people like you don't live long.
The Police said the two new suspects, identified as Eddy Kabagambe and Doreen Ade, were allegedly mediators between students and the two systems administrators who were arrested on Monday.
The lower rank officials are supposed to have double-cabin pick-up trucks of 2,500cc.
Army jets paint the skies in the national colours during the Airforce display.
Will new electoral reforms offer a leveled playing field in the 2021polls?
79 parliamentary constituencies are without opposition candidates.
I kept thinking there is something about the driver opening the door actually the news I think is that Rosa Whitaker attended the meeting!
President Obama and his family stand inside a cell on Robben Island, where former South African President Nelson Mandela was held prisoner for 27 years.
🎥 Watch below 👇🏽 a sneak peek of what you will be reading about in today's New Vision (September 28, 2021).
“I do not know what the President found in me.
rivoniahomes.com for more details.
The chief Justice also said that community services should be expanded to all districts in the country and adequate staff should be provided to supervise convicts at work.
More details should we ask Prof.
How innocent is this arrangement?
The detained are being held at Kira Road Police station and Katwe Police and were picked up in areas of Makindye, Ntinda, Bukoto and Kamwokya in a late night operation on Saturday.
What was his winning strategy?
December starts with marking HIV/AIDS internationally, a killer disease that Uganda is not spared from.
The Police, therefore, warns motorists to look out for spots on the road that usually claim lives of travellers.
did the magistrate's jaw break or did she loose some teeth.
Did YOU KNOW: What the Speaker and Deputy Speaker of Parliament of Uganda do?
The action packed event had surprises in the different categories of the competition.
I married my wife 27 years ago.
Women hunting down men.
The first lung institute in East Africa has been opened at Makerere University School of public health located at Mulago Hospital.
The Trump administration has ordered non-essential diplomatic staff out of Iraq, citing threats from Iranian-backed Iraqi armed groups, and sent an aircraft carrier.
She said a new vote should be held within 90 days but she would not stand again in any new poll.
As a tenant, now that things are beginning to normalize make it a point to pay ur Landlord coz both parties need to be survive here.
The facility has shops and has so many things that attract use.
You should remember us when allocating the many cabinet posts and other positions”.
oba U are just taking out parts of it tha are more preferable to U!
Xavier Ejoyi, Country Director ActionAid Uganda, thanked the Gender ministry for supporting the survivors, saying the fight needs everyone's effort across the country.
(Reuters) Japan has honoured the victims of its worst disaster since World War Two: The March 11, 2011 earthquake, tsunami and nuclear crisis that killed almost 19,000 people and stranded 315,000 evacuees, including refugees who fled radiation from the devastated Fukushima atomic plant.
Do you think the Attorney General’s proposal of performance-related pay will raise his chambers performance to win more cases?
You will be in good health and have lots of vitality.
Is sex News really, it is sin that every human being should deal with.
Police spokesperson, Judith Nabakooba, said some leaders of 4GC were planning to use the event to hold rallies and demonstrations in the city and other parts of the country.
Those are the eyes of a general.
Get E-Copy HERE http://epaper.
I hope we are gettng the same packages as in tz.
L have covid disappeared by March?
Members of the Climate Action Network Uganda have registered for the Papal Walk this Saturday.
For a digital copy, subscribe here;http://bit.
Laughter is the key.
But it seems Rep.
Buildnet has luxurious 1, 2& 3 Bedroom Apartments for sale in the Najjera Heights to fit your needs comfort.
“Uganda is a broken country which needs urgent healing.
🗒️✍️ Read MATCH REPORT here 👉🏽.
The Attorney General & the Parliamentary Commission have said blocking the MPs from determining their pay would be an interference in the independence of Parliament.
⚽️ #ManUtd interim manager Ralf #Rangnick remains unbeaten at the helm of the Old Trafford side, as his side beat #Burnley 3-1 to bag three crucial points in the #EPL.
General Katumba Wamala is a great Rotarian.
When I try to ask, I am accused of poking my nose into projects and I am asked to leave".
46 Ugandan inmates on deathrow or life imprisonment languish in Chinese Prisons.
Henry Tumukunde, former head of the Internal Security Organisation on charges of conduct prejudicial to good order and discipline of the defense forces.
The New Vision is with Otuna Ti Timo and 2 others.
The New Vision added 8 new photos — in Wandegeya.
📹 #US actor Alec Baldwin says he does not feel guilty for the death of Halyna Hutchins on the set of 'Rust', explaining he did not pull the trigger of the gun that killed the cinematographer.
Bring to a boil over medium heat.
Not de parliament it is museven.
Abdul Ibinga, 28, whose penis was cut off by his estranged wife, had hoped to have seven children, until recently when he went through the agonizing ordeal.
[Job OPPORTUNITY] - Notice of Expression of Interest for Provision of HR Consultancy Services.
Dr. Love tells you more in today's New Vision.
David Tinyefuza must leave the house belonging to KCCA.
There are two forms of the herpes virus and both are most often transmitted without symptoms, but for those stuck with the lifelong infection, painful and embarrassing sores can be recurring.
The right to play is a part of Article 31 of the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Abenakyo Advocates for Ending Child Marriage & Pregnancies.
⚽️ 💪🏽 Captain Harry Maguire's winner deep in extra time against the Canaries sends @ManUtd through to the last-four of the #FACup.
Bitecherezo was animated; throwing his hands in the air and widening his eyes when he interjected Kaps Fungaroo’s submission on a point of order.
Just in: Ofwono Opondo: President Museveni affirms that #Uganda elections shall be on schedule in 2016.
What r fellow x-tians doing?
"The pace was too fast and I knew I could not run away from them so I just had to keep up with them (the Kenyan runners, Wilson KIPSANG and Abel KIRUI).
20Yrs of writng fake news.
Please share with us your journey with mobile telephony.
Despite her alarm, nobody dared to help her.
We should learn to handover power peacefully.
, happy Palm Sunday.
#Mygreatprice19: Your Responsibility, Woman of God is bigger than Uganda, it is for the world.
The number of Ugandans applying for guns for personal protection is increasing rapidly, according to internal affairs minister Kirunda Kivejinja.
He reportedly cooked his victim's heart with potatoes.
However, the weight stayed put,” Petra Olimi, 28, narrates.
Make sure to always take a quick photo of your luggage before travelling.
The former Prime Minister Amama Mbabazi who is also the MP for Kinkizi West in Kanungu district has said that the year 2015 will be wonderful for Ugandans.
I tried European education, it's way behind our system, not to mention Asian system.
74 but not good enough at this level.
Read about how her passion led her to prosperity tomorrow in Pakasa only in The New Vision.
He said this after the selfie: This is 4 u @UrbanTVUganda guys.
Wow , it is better than kigtum - lira road .
In your copy of today's find out how Newspapers in Education are transforming Karamoja.
This is trash do anti christ also need contribution of money?
Whether you are a young couple looking for a cool place of your own, a family that is looking for a child friendly environment, or just looking to invest in apartments as a source of revenue, Najjera Heights is where you can have your pick.
According to one of his friends there, Buwembo had written and left a suicide note back in his room .
Over 30 million Facebook accounts belong to dead people.
The Uganda National Bureau of Standards (UNBS) has released the first list of goods that will be subject to the Pre-Export Verification of Conformity (PVoC) programme.
Pius VI (1775–1799): 24 years, 6 months and 15 days (8,962 days).
History made as Uganda qualifies for #AFCON17 after 38 years.
President Yoweri Museveni has said the closure of the Rwanda- Uganda border in February last year emanated from the internal conflicts in Rwanda, especially within its governing party.
The proposed areas include Ssisa-Nsangi, Ntenjeru-Nakisunga, Goma-Kira and Nansana, located in Mukono and Wakiso districts.
When was first wave?
Elly Tumwine have started.
I will ask Hon Kahinda Otafire to tell them 'Mavi Ya Kuku ' like I think this is a Public secret that it was an inside hand or so.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Uganda has learnt of falsehoods circulating on social media platforms, particularly Facebook and WhatsApp, attributed to Hon.
Get the details the New Vision.
Thought we needed less of those creatures?
Your personal life, your professional life, and your creative life are all intertwined.
The Association of District Health Officers of Uganda has appealed to Parliament to intervene and ensure they are considered for salary enhancement.
The Vivo Xplay 3S will be the world's first smartphone with a 2K HD screen, with more pixels than a full-size iPad.
A house number helps you navigate to a specific location or address with a higher degree of accuracy.
"Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet.
yo talking abt registering who is going to teach these kids?
United were originally drawn to play at Barcelona in the first leg, which would have given them the safety net of playing the decisive return at Old Trafford.
As this is an eye opener.
#Worldaidsday: U=U means “undetectable equals untransmittable”.
4% on annual basis from $434.
Jameela Siddiqi retells a personal story of Uganda’s self-rule day.
The gut wrenching incident happened in Nnongo village, Muterere sub-county, Bugiri district.
This time they will automatically win!
President Barack Obama slammed Donald Trump's proposal to weaken Wall Street reforms on Wednesday during a trip to Elkhart, Indiana, that has recovered from its recession lows.
Who will add to their victory tally?
According to public notice by the ministry issued on Thursday, December 23, the premises have been closed to members of the public for a thorough fumigation exercise against Covid-19.
We are tied of corruption in our country.
I mean, the one her Mother-in-Love ate.
Time check: 6:30am and the Namugongo-Naalya road is free of traffic jam.
Heads of schools and principals have been advised to effectively put to use computers provided by government to advance learning of sciences in schools.
The researchers have named the newfound praying mantis species — which was discovered in Nyungwe National Park — Dystacta tigrifrutex, or "bush tiger mantis".
Details in the Saturday Vision and 👉http://bit.
A Harvard Medical School 2015 online publication came out with astounding revelations about the life of teens and their interaction with and on social media.
Gospel artist Judith Babirye has said that she is joining politics because of Jennifer Musisi, the Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) Executive Director.
Uganda on Friday summoned the Rwandan envoy to Uganda Fred Mugambage over the closure of the border with Uganda.
To sustain life like toetus.
George Agaba Ninsima former director of physical planning at Kampala Capital City Authority has passed on in an accident along Mbarara, Nyamitanga Road.
The two rival Muslim leaders, Sheikh Ramathan Mubajje and Zubair Kayongo are holding face-to-face reconciliation meeting under the auspices of President Yoweri Museveni.
This is but one of the dilemmas facing the narrator of Megan Collins’ latest novel.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola was forced to cancel a pre-match press conference on Friday after returning an inconclusive coronavirus test result.
#Pictureoftheday: A paramilitary #Chinese policeman crawls under fire obstacles during a drill at a military base in Chaohu, Anhui province May 5, 2014.
Tuesday 21st january 2014.
Are young boys receiving accurate information regarding reproductive growth, sex, family planning and pregnancy"?
But he was an atheist and is suffering now for that!
5 yrs age tell us what she has done for Uganda or people of USuku in Teso.
The man and woman pictured below were admitted as patients at the hospital for medical treatment.
“We expect Byanyima to take up her position with UNAIDS in November,” the agency's communications manager, Michael Hollingdale, told New Vision on Saturday.
“It was a hard game but we played according to plan.
My balance right now.
He is a great leader!
“I don’t think it’s attainable,” Education and Sport minister, Jessica Alupo told Vision Online Monday morning.
Three #Russian warships crossed Turkey's Bosphorus Strait Thursday en route to the eastern Mediterranean, near the Syrian coast, amid concern in the region over potential US-led strikes in response to the Damascus regime's alleged use of chemical weapons.
Unbeliveble, hw can u compare money to life.
A group of Banyankore under the Banyakore Cultural Foundation (BCF) has signed a document rejecting a cultural institution for Ankole region.
Apolo Nsibambi, recalls his first.
Has her son Mabior de Garang shaved his goatee?
Dear New Vision, "stationary" is not the same as "stationery".
Investment Minister Obert Mpofu said they would be visiting the US, UK, Canada, Australia and South Africa to seek funds in addition to the $500m Zimbabweans typically send home each year to family and friend.
Why did ISO, CMI carry out parallel investigations?
I see the same spirit at play.
#Malala Yousafzai meets Malia, Michelle & Barack Obama in Oval Office.
May the Lord bless you and keep you.
Get a copy of New Vision for the full story.
, one will easely know the environment under which he is working.
Who will miss him.
In the picture, we see Dries Mertens needing on-pitch medical attention.
She shares how she juggles work and family.
Cecafa FIXTURES: Uganda Cranes will start their 2012 campaign against traditional rivals Kenya's Harambee Stars on November 24, Namboole.
Abu Mwesigwa kyaakabi man.
This guy is always angry!
Good, where can I get such a watch?
We look forward to a continued partnership with you.
Nigeria'S opposition leader; General Muhammadu Buhari 's party; APC is now leading with 2.
Are people in Bubulo to much ignorant to elect a criminal as their leader?
Of Rwanda(1994) president of Cameroon, etc.
The Irish Government has cut sh52.
Major oil producers are due to meet Thursday to decide on output levels from January onwards, which could be frozen as the new Covid variant Omicron sparks turmoil.
Subscribe to our YouTube channel: .
Mps and the Government on Tuesday disagreed over powers proposed to be given to the Police to regulate the right to assemble and peaceful demonstrations.
“Hiv prevalence in Uganda has risen from 6.
Klopp follows Shankly's lead to make Liverpool dreams come true.
A minister in the government of South Sudan was shot dead inside his ministry on Wednesday, days after referendum results confirmed the region will become Africa's newest independent state, the region's army said: http://ow.
The New Vision is with Angel Sent.
So what's UPDF waiting for?
Two-Year old Aksam Kalibu Kamulegeya was last seen Sunday afternoon playing happily with friends at home in Kanyanya Zone, Ndejje-Mirimu, Makindye Municipality.
Residents of Kamwokya II, Kisenyi 1 could not hide their excitement after receiving piped water in their area on Friday.
Photos by Rujuta Tony.
The total construction was 104 class rooms with furniture for pupils and teachers in 23 schools, 27 classrooms were rehabilitated, 230 schools latrine stances for pupils and teachers, 12 new offices and stores, 84 teachers housing units with their own toilet stances and three boreholes.
We have been hit and hurt hard, we hope to recover soon and continue with our normal lives.
T move Parliament there.
Iso has penned a damning report about the financial impropriety within the judiciary, which it has sent to President Yoweri Museveni.
Is it on your phones?
But we all never know God's plan for us.
Footballers playing in China's national team should remove any existing tattoos and are "strictly prohibited" from getting any new ones, the country's sports administration body has said.
I really do not know what those people are doing because they keep promising us every year but there comes no unity .
God put the oil there for our use and He knows how to extract it safely.
Fashion shows, Ssenga sessions, Cake tasting, Makeovers, Giveaways, Entertainment and more!
As we wrapped up our Women's Day Special series, we had a chance to chat with Esther Kalenzi as she shared about the start of 40 Days Over 40 Smiles Foundation and the lessons she has learnt along this journey of service and making the community a better a place.
The New Vision is with Ben Francis.
Kampala RCC, Hudu Hussein on Monday told reporters that they are working with the health ministry to make testing and vaccination available at traditionally used centres such as mosques and churches.
The overall winner will be announced at the ninth annual Anzisha Prize Forum on October 22 in Johannesburg.
Former state minister for lands Baguma Isoke replaces Jehoash Mayanja-Nkangi as new Lands Boss.
After out-going minister Maria Kiwanuka handed over to new finance minister Matia Kasaija, they answered questions from journalists.
A squad of 33 is getting set to take part in the championships to be held in Aarhus, Denmark.
The expressway is currently Uganda’s only toll road with three main toll plazas that consist of 16 toll gates.
Even though ending the relationship was the right thing to do, it’s hard to bury all the memories you made together.
During these holidays, slot a flash disk with your favorite musician or pull it up on the Internet, close your eyes and lay back to enjoy.
I have been in a relationship for eight years with two children.
The quadcopter vehicle can also travel in a predetermined path, for solo missions.
Nephew evicts 92-year-old aunt after fooling her into believing that he was working in the family's best interests.
There are too many ministers.
There s an old lady who found acertin student cooking using her power & she chanced her away!
The Uganda Joint Christian Council (UJCC) has condemned the police’s handling of women and other politicians, calling on the responsible authorities to take the necessary action against the perpetrators.
She stated that the men locked her inside their rented house for close to a month, raping her in turns.
Within hours of the post, an online petition by Cape Town resident Elan Burman asking the South African government to ban Bachman from ever returning to the country was launched.
They both voted at 10:00am and spoke confidently how victory was at hand.
Note, dont fight with lawyers.
Instead of posting posh /five star hospital, five star shools, five start work offices.
He is leading the goals charts.
President Kaguta Museveni returned from Tanzania, where he launched the Uganda-Tanzania business forum.
Does this mean that he is questioning the reason why Jesus taught his disciples how to pray?
All I can see a white shirt with a neck tie.
I know u will.
Besigye is a representative of many oppressed owners of Uganda .
We should have equal say in how it is going to be managed.
What about Nigeria naira?
However much bad things u talk abt him,u will never change him from being the pope,so accept and swallow it.
Am the prezo my she's my vice then my children are my minsters!
He doesn't know history.
Nms under fire for inflating drug prices.
And all the comments down here tell it all.
Because even the wife of Kasango plus his children had never seen any relatives of Kasango until after the guy had died.
Dear Allah/God, save mankind from this mu7's bull dog Rukutana.
The President and his guests discussed matters related to the financial administration especially the issue of tax collection.
Military police spokesman Major Edward Birungi said a soldier was responsible for the killings, before he himself was shot dead.
But they will have to battle other forces and clubs, including Elgon, which will be led by Uganda’s current top cross country runner Moses Kipsiro in the battle for slots to the Africa Cross Country championships that will be hosted at Kololo Ceremonial grounds March 23.
The roof of the shack leaks every time it rains.
This according to MPs who are also pushing for all taxes on water to be scrapped.
If we see things let's be honest and speak about them.
Nrmo brand new Product.
He said most people are suffering because we have put their trust in fellow human beings and money, instead of looking at Jesus Christ as the solution, hence keeping themselves in troubles and lack of peace.
” came one reaction.
The delegate’s conference that ended Maj.
The Sign Language Interpreter At Mandela’s Memorial Was 'A Complete Fraud' Making Nonsense Gestures.
When South Sudan get better inshallah our northern Uganda bros and sis will be better off too.
New Vision has more details #EPAPER- https://vpg.
An island formed by a deadly earthquake in Pakistan has appeared in satellite images a week after it was formed off the country's coast by a tremor that killed hundreds.
Early data indicates the Omicron Covid variant may more easily reinfect people who have already had the virus or been vaccinated than previous variants but could also cause milder disease, the WHO said Wednesday.
Nakawa court today released 3 suspected gun dealers; one Briton and two Israelis; Paul Simon, Dotan Reger and Asaf Ben Ali.
The study led by McMaster University and the University of Toronto is the largest of its kind to date.
Does he have the courage to stand and tell the voters what he did in parliament without lies?
Us President Donald Trump said that a coronavirus vaccine may be available within a month, an acceleration of even his own optimistic predictions -- but added that the pandemic could go away by itself.
A Holocaust memorial inscribed with the names of more than 102,000 Dutch Jews killed during World War II was inaugurated in Amsterdam over the weekend.
A pastor who was a taxi conductor won the heart of a female passenger and the two are now married.
Follow the 5 steps and Apply Now:.
The long-awaited maiden flight for the Uganda Airlines is finally here.
Documents show Kityo inherited the land from his father Joseph Lwere Nganda.
Why ist President M7 is not consistent with his words,he said he is waiting Oct for a general review now the judges are getting cars and security wats z that?
Former South African President Nelson Mandela died peacefully at his Johannesburg home after a prolonged lung infection.
There was no talk of gazing into Vladimir Putin's 'soul' and the Russian president didn't try to gaslight a rookie US leader.
But today, I thank You, bless me as I travel to work and protect me from the deadly COVID.
there were no survivors," the Aeronautica Civil aviation authority said, adding that the wreckage was found close to Villavicencio.
The wedding today of Princess Ruth Komuntale and Christopher Thomas was colourful, with women adorned in colourful hairstyles of red, orange and purple being the dominant colours.
Apolo Robin Nsibambi, Uganda’s longest serving Prime Minister, will be buried today.
There is a lot we can learn from this highly successful country”.
Nobert Mao has met with the other three principals of the DP bloc over disagreements on the party’s vacant positions.
Get a free copy of INTIMATE in Saturday Vision #EPAPER- https://epaper.
Using rodents, the researchers reportedly .
It is, therefore, critical that a person drinks enough water daily.
I can't hesitate to say that cleric is ignorant of the Bible or he's a manipulator.
The New Vision is with Aine Nyeusi and Sanya Bashir.
Hw abt ur Uganda.
According to the agents and supporters of candidates who lost the elections, they will stand as independents against the flag-bearers to regain their glory.
9b theft, Details in the Sunday Vision.
Be it as may i now will concentrate in my Chambers and private bussinesses.
Get their take on the border issues, only in New Vision.
The U.N.-led talks getting under way on Monday with U.S. and Russian support are part of the first serious diplomatic effort towards ending the conflict since Moscow intervened last September with air strikes that have tipped the war Assad's way.
This day choose who you will serve.
U start your own parties stop lamenting on Facebook.
<P>Team Uganda won all the four quarters.
"We have ashamed and defeated our attackers,' Kenyatta said, adding that forensics experts are working to establish the nationalities of the attackers.
The Africans could also qualify at the expense of the Germans if compatriot Jurgen Klinsmann's United States side record a large victory.
The URA has reached out to various government agencies, as it seeks help in combating rising economic crime, especially in the digital space, and closing existing tax revenue leakages.
In the New Vision, find out what was written in the message.
When will these thugs get finished?
#Brazil'S Marcelo scores in his own goal during opening match between Brazil and Croatia.
A period when you will take your responsibilities to heart: you will be devoted to duty, but this will be difficult to bear.
Croatia have had just two attempts in the second half.
The hormones have no organised discipline as our doctor is trying to put it!
Over 300 inmates from Luzira Upper Prison received certificates after attending a three weeks training in entrepreneurships skills and adult basic education skills program.
It's becouse all private schools are yours so you fight to kill government schools to boost your business.
Phillip Kalera from Gomba was the overall winner of the #BestFarmersAwards 2020.
Gardens where he held his last rally in Buikwe district on Wednesday.
A South African judge on Monday acquitted British millionaire businessman Shrien Dewani of murdering his bride on their honeymoon, saying the state had not adequately made the case against him.
A handful of MPs have expressed desire to meet Parliament Speaker Rebecca Kadaga to seek permission to move a motion for the reinstatement of term limits.
Mtn Uganda appoints Andrew Bugembe as Chief Finance Officer.
Museveni congratulated Prince Gabula upon his 13 coronation anniversary and commended all the people who cared for the Prince even after the death of his father.
Help from external partners has arrived,” Mbabazi said.
“The report will inform the way forward on the full reopening of the economy,” said Farouk Kirunda, the president’s deputy press secretary.
"Mistakes are usually a result of tension.
When you are wrong, admit it and when you are right, shut up.
The Zimbabwe Football Association (Zifa) has folded with a debt of more than US$6m (£4.
Relive day one’s activities via our pictorial.
A report delivered to France’s Ministry of Veteran Affairs on Tuesday has suggested the country officially review the history of First World War soldiers who refused to fight and were executed by the hundreds as an example for other troops.
Uganda Women's cricket team today before they left for Dar es Salaam for the 2014 ICC T20 World Cup Qualifiers.
Displaced people from the minority Yazidi sect flee violence in #Iraq.
Musisi clarified that the list which was erroneously quoted in the press as having been tabled in the Presidential Affairs Committee of Parliament was that of plots in wetlands and not buildings earmarked for demolition.
Today, he is a multi-millionaire, running a top car spare parts-importing company, a big hotel and a thriving commodities trade.
UG 0149 K and was joining Kimathi Avenue from Portal Road towards Speke Road.
Amuriat has promised to improve water supply in Sebei sub-region when elected into office.
Sudhir has dragged the Libyan government to court.
Allow to cool, then chill.
Youth MPs have opposed the proposed taxes by government on Agricultural inputs, and Mobile Money services in the 2014/2015 budget saying it will increase the number of unemployed youths in the country.
That was the beauty of his mind unlike our silly leader of today who brought kingdoms back and he is spending tax payers money in maintaining them amidst chaos that come with it.
Michoro hiyo ni mizuri sana!
Ry needs 2 be cheked.
The document is complementary to a power-sharing deal signed on July 17 that aims to form a joint civilian-military ruling body that will oversee the formation of.
A balanced diet contains different foods which are useful to the body in more than one way, that is why it is important to mind what you eat.
According to The New Times, the celebrated emcee and television presenter, popularly known as Junior Kazoora, was convicted by the Nyarugunga Primary Court for using fraudulent means to short change his business partners, a decision he appealed.
Or a parent wondering which vocational skills are on high demand and therefore best for your child?
Jurgen Klopp says people should expect their fireworks early on New Year's Eve, noting that Liverpool's game with Manchester City will put everybody's party plans on hold.
She was speaking during the two-day national conference on religious rights and electoral politics at Hotel Africana on October14, 2015.
“President @KagutaMuseveni says he wants to maintain the same number of ministers who are 79+1 slot of state minister.
The New Vision added 86 new photos — with Michael Lukyamuzi and 14 others.
He stood at the edge with hands raised up for several minutes as people gathered below with cameras and smart phones clicking away.
Workers’ MPs are set to meet teachers in a bid to diffuse a looming strike over salary increment.
But they have no religion there's is all about money so which God is gona answer there prayer!
Kipsiro was boosted by good weather conditions in the IAAF Gold Label race taking place in Portsmouth and Southsea on England’s south coast early today.
Cassava farmers should add value to their produce to meet the rising demand for the crop in local and regional markets, finance state minister, Fred Jachan Omach, has said.
Cranes CECAFA squad in full: Goal keeper: Abby Dhaira, Yasin Mugabi, Ali Kimera and Hamza Muwonge.
Don'T deny your child a chance to enjoy and have fun.
From where I stay to Kampala is more than 400KM, its like five times the distance and we are safe because each time they fire teargas in Kampala, we don't feel it this side.
A wedding that took place in January 2013 and the reception at Speke Resort Munyonyo, and was characterised by pomp, fun and culture, is on the verge of collapse.
It'S a mood of high expectation here at the Entebbe Airbase.
Gustafson 27, an American engineer and a resident of Mbalwa Zone, Namugongo in Wakiso District was also charged with illegal entry and stay in Uganda.
The president promised the rest of us, apart from candidates,  to go back next year Jan.
That is true & sh'd be abolished.
M7 is not God!
Maybe if the government focused a bit more on industry and jobs infrastructure there would be more jobs, but I enjoy bodas and ofcourse, them being Ugandans you get a chat and a few laughs!
Airtel Kitara have picked up only one point from all the nine games they have played so far this season.
The New Vision is with Nsumba Ahmed and 4 others.
An embarrassment of riches for the hosts.
We, however, never comment on those acts or make them preconditions for working with the West.
Is there a way of doing a vasectomy without his knowledge?
Does any woman's uterus support more dan one feotus?
My Mother who remained a single Mom denied my sisters education to give me a chance.
Real Madrid 4-1 Atletico Madrid.
If president M7 is the good president why don't he show his goones and live the power in peace way ?
The New Vision added 5 new photos.
Bukedde TV was live.
While bodies rarely spend more than three days in hospital before they are taken for burial, there is this body that has been in hospital for 11 years.
For your business to make a profit or survive the tough times caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, you have to keep the members' spirits high and hopeful.
Today from that single Dudu which he drove himself to pick and drop off school children, Ofumbi has managed to set up a fleet of about 30 school buses and shuttles and is venturing beyond the borders of Uganda to do the same business.
The Minister for Energy and Mineral Development, Mary Goretti Kitutu has launched a sh17b power line that will supply over 30 villages and government institutions in Kakiri Sub County in Wakiso district.
Oil prices extended their rally Wednesday on growing expectations for demand as the global economy recovers, though equity investors trod a more cautious line as inflation fears continue to cast a shadow over trading floors.
Edungu and his father silver Owonda are among the seven people who are admitted.
Eddy Kenzo, it turns out, is an experienced fist fighter.
Let the action begin.
Grace Santa Acan, a medical doctor at St. Benedict Medical Centre, said she was shocked to learn that Otto had, without her knowledge, applied to Makindye Court to adopt his own children as their ‘uncle’.
Read the full story in the Saturday Vision 👉#EPAPER: http://is.
Mbega CISHWAHA MURI POLTIKE!
It is the Gospel Dance Party on #TransNight, strictly Gospel music requests.
The New Vision is with Kirumira Ronnie.
Forensic detectives the way forward.
Yet in addressing issues on sexual and reproductive health and rights, emphasis has outwardly and wholesomely been focused to the female sex, while disregarding the men.
Seven months into the outbreak, the Ebola response is failing to bring the epidemic under control, Doctors Without Borders (MSF) said in a statement.
During the time of our grandparents anyone who finished PLE could get a job.
We believe that any contentious issues should be presented fairly and accurately to UNAA’s membership during the next Annual General Meeting so that a consensus can be reached.
Express FC won Kakungulu cup.
If not you made a mistake.
President Yoweri Museveni will Friday (December 4, 2020) address the party leaders in Jinja on his campaign engagements in Busoga sub-region.
Tanzania have been exemplary to the most of the African countries this president wants to do what now yet it is peaceful country no lives being lost through killing but only natural dead occurring in the country.
Know that society requires organised, hardworking intelligent people.
In the Long run there shall be abundance of it.
A Bolivian guerrilla force led by Marxist revolutionary Che Guevara is defeated in a skirmish with a special detachment of the Bolivian army.
The 737 MAX is a relatively new aircraft, having entered service only in May 2017 as Boeing's answer to Airbus's medium-haul A320 Neo.
NIGERIA CUSTOM SERVICE AUCTION IMPOUNDED VEHICLES!
It has been confirmed, the 2014 PLE results will be released today at the ministry of Education offices in Kampala.
Ezra Bunyenyezi, an entrepreneur in Uganda and the rest of East Africa, has passed on.
Can you spot it?
The New Vision added 5 new photos — at UPDF Military Barracks, Mbuya.
70' ⚽️ 20 MINUTES TO GO .
Manchester City are this Seasons Champions.
The rearrested former head of flying squad is in new danger.
Museveni campaigns for Richard Kyabagu,NRM flag bearer LC 5 Chairperson in the New district of Kalungu.
Nine lecturers from Makerere University last evening joined the presidential election petition challenging the re-election of President Museveni, in the capacity of ‘friends of court’.
The insurer, National Insurance Corporation (NIC) compensated the Police.
Matayo] Kyaligonza doesn't reflect the character of Uganda, he must resign.
There isn’t a major plot in this novella; readers simply follow Morayo through her life as she reminisces her past and enjoys her present.
President Yoweri Museveni on Sunday reshuffled the leadership of Uganda Police Force and the Security Ministry.
The ICC should stop".
The New Vision is with Mauela Flora and 4 others.
Eddie Kenzo’s dance troupe; “Sitya Loss kids” challenging UPDF Generals led by Chief of Defence Forces Katumba Wamala (left) Dick Olum (right) and General Muhoozi in a dance.
Edwin Ekiring in action.
- Govt agrees to review the Public Order Management Act.
“It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife”.
#Bgexpo2018: The Dance and Cultural Troupe treats revellers to an elegant cultural trip with an energetic performance.
Ofowno Opondo the government and also NRM spokesperson noted that the media most especially journalists and political talk show hosts should ensure the politicians first account for their promises to ensure the country has a credible election process.
The chief of the newly established civil military operation (CMO) affairs force in the UPDF Col.
A group of 2,046 ex-employees of Uganda Revenue Authority (URA) is accusing the body of taxing their terminal benefits, purporting that money was illegally deducted as Pay As You Earn (PAYE) from their terminal benefits.
New Vision, could you at least use a current map of Germany?
Preacher and motivational speaker Dr Myles Munroe, his wife, daughter & 6 others killed in an air crash in the Bahamas.
THE PENNY-WISE WOMEN IN BUSINESS .
😋Spicy in the Sunday Vision!
The Chairperson of EAC Summit, President Yoweri Museveni, will use his State of the EAC Address to a special sitting of the East African Legislative Assembly in Kigali to highlight new areas of focus and budget implications for implementing the Monetary Union.
Do you normally drive to Kaliro through Jinja and Iganga?
President Museveni has spoken out strongly on a range of issues ranging from politics, economy, energy and the military, when he appeared on the Capital Gang radio talk show today in Kampala.
Odongo commended OHCHR for their support in the areas of capacity building and the Universal Periodic Review Process.
I miss his Chapati's, As for Pilao was just too goood!
The Uganda People’s Defence Forces under the Uganda Battle Group (UGABAG) has captured a key town in Somalia.
A bird that was once detained by Egypt on suspicion of being a spy has been found dead, with a wildlife organization claiming that it was “eaten by local villagers”.
How Custodian properties were mismanaged .
The Vatican has guidelines of how the pope travels but this one is unique and prefers simple standards.
Jose Eduardo dos Santos ruled Angola for 38 years until 2017.
600 traffic officers laid off over corruption.
"These two medals are for my two girls who aren't born yet.
We are counting on you to get vaccinated so that our economy can bounce back.
We went out last week and got on like a house on fire.
🇯🇵 When the #TokyoOlympics torch relay kicks off in Fukushima on Thursday, runners are hoping it will show the world the area is no 'nuclear wasteland', a decade after the 2011 disaster.
If they fall sick, they will be promised more doctors, they vote and wait to fall sick again the circle continues.
Whether you have many varieties , bread doesnt become breads!
Allah give him the power & the same allah doesent ask him to leave the power, so let him stay .
Kabaka Ronald Mutebi arrived back in Uganda.
After converting to Islam during captivity, Kassig took the name Abdul-Rahman.
UCC asks you Newvision to be balanced in order to be fair to all.
Didn't I hear some people petitioned the ICC over kasese issues?
The order came after a Security Council meeting, which assessed various threats to Russia.
Born deaf and dumb, abandoned by his parents, he now faces a 12-year prison sentence for alleged defilement.
Hw about Security Officer as long as middle east.
We do not know the fate of the crew".
Ronald Musagala’s quest for a medal on the big stage will have him running only the 1500 meters at the Beijing World Championships.
Farzana Parveen was murdered on Tuesday outside the High Court in the eastern city of Lahore by more than two dozen brick-wielding attackers, including her brother and father, for marrying against her family's wishes -- while police stood by.
President Museveni has said he is pleased with his appointment of ‘fisherwomen’ as Vice-President and Prime Minister.
The two hospital employees were arrested on Thursday after the alleged victim, who was being treated for dengue, said they drugged and raped her twice over the weekend.
Mulago Hospital was opened as part of the Independence celebrations in 1962.
I will no longer check on your page again.
But dude is drying it on the floor.
The on-going music competition Airtel Trace Star has, according to Airtel people, drawn thousands of singing hopefuls from all over the country, two months since its launch.
Canon William Ongeng, the celebrations at the Anglican Shrine will be carried out in a scientific way.
4b that Parliament recommended to be paid in benefits to three former Presidential commissioners.
An NFA official, who did not want to be named, said there was no degraded part of the forest http://see.
As a manager, you have an important and delicate job.
President Museveni says the 500 metres from the lake should be preserved for vegetation while 50 metres from any river body MUST not be cultivated.
He encouraged the public to go and buy Set Top Boxes (STB) as there would be no return to Analogue in the areas that had been switched off.
We deal in Employment Visas, Tourist Visas, Educational Visas, Trust Us For The Better Services.
The NEW KING ON THE 🎾 COURT!
Amendments to the Retirement Benefits Sector Liberalisation Bill 2011 are expected to be brought to Parliament this month, ending an almost a two year delay, a senior technocrat said Monday.
The Cartoon this morning.
Doctors diagnosed him with Alzheimer's Disease.
The Uganda National Meteorological Authority (UNMA) has started the installations of automatic weather stations in Kampala.
Wow, i miss my Neck phone.
Pallaso got a new friend.
Did poverty hit Europe or went into other businesses?
That'S why I will never deal with a white man for the rest of my life.
"It was better before," the teenager says shyly and simply in the arid heartland of Niger, one of the world's poorest nations, clearly ill at ease and fiddling with her bracelets.
Of cousre we need charcoal so we need to cut more trees.
The Ministry of Health (MoH) has developed a disease outbreak preparedness plan in preparation for the predicted El-Nino in the country.
The New Vision is with Daniel Nshaba.
My condolences to the entire family.
The corrupt r born.
"The death toll has climbed to 56 and 28 are injured.
He says he will use part of his land in Wakiso district to rear them.
Stringent security measures have been introduced at Parliament following an incident last week when two protesters beat security and allegedly smuggled two piglets into its precincts.
Mesach Semakula, Ronald Mayinja and Dr Hilderman among other artistes entertain guests at the #KabakaAt26 coronation celebrations.
The New Vision is in Nwoya, Gulu, Uganda.
What about security ?
The dark days at Kyambogo University are not about to end.
We trusted Besigye for i think 2 solid times but what happened?
Bank of Uganda’s former Executive Director Justine Bagyenda’s woes are not yet over.
The New Vision is with Mo Nas and 4 others.
' I do not think the Government will have the capacity to give stimulus packages to private companies'' - Rt.
Officials from the Ministry of Finance and the Office of the President (the organisers), have revealed that sh21.
That's the first time in 12 World Cup matches that Spain have scored three goals in a game, as they registered three goals from just four shots on target.
Early last week Alison Byamukama, one of the three candidates in the Buhweju elections, pulled out of the race a week to the election date.
The Government only contributes 11%, individuals contribute 20% and only 1% comes from the private sector.
Local mayor Bernard Clerfayt said they were controlled explosions.
It was Inzzi who had put a halt to Russian dominance of the 3,000m steeplechase.
Gerald Mayanja Father to Emmanuel Mayanja Hummertone aka AK47 seeks answers to what killed his son and asks Police to cover a speedy investigation into all possible causes of his death.
The Permanent Secretary Dr. Rose Nassali Lukwago accompanied by ministry officials in the department of Business, Technical and Vocational Education (BTVET) received the keys to the buildings and handed over to the college administration.
Why doesn't he talk ov ankole?
Get a free copy for all the analysis in Saturday Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
2 seconds to fall in love.
Should we worry or be happy that they will deal with them?
From a distance upon her arrival, the First lady and Education Minister, Mrs. Janat Kataha Museveni was able to see smoke coming out of Makerere University's Main building.
The Forestry Sector Support Department (FSSD) under the ministry of Water and Environment has received a grant worth $250,000 about (sh850m) to help the sector develop the investment plan.
The Kabaka of Buganda has praised the late Mayanja Nkangi’s integrity and humility.
Indian INVESTORS TOUR UGANDA; Museveni wants more trade with India.
all are staged by America.
Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison insisted that any nation that develops a Covid-19 vaccine share it universally, warning that history will be a "severe judge" if not.
most especially when kateregga(the witch doctor)who picked kasilye(the deceased) from his parents home and sacrificed him is out just because he said that he killed the boy on kajubis request in exchange for money 🙄🙄🙄😏 imagine kateregga again showed police the remains.
Get details in the e-paper here 👉 bit.
Among notables already at the #MandelaMemorial,Obama, David Cameron, Jacob Zuma, Jimmy Carter, Desmond Tutu, George W Bush, Thabo Mbeki, Nicholas Sarkozy, President Holandes.
And the police head is busy flying in a chopper to save criminals thumped by Amama Mbabazi boys.
How about the chemicals we are being fed on in milk,meat(s) and fresh fish?
The New Vision is with Kim Strassel and 8 others.
Find out in your copy of the New Vision.
The team that involves nine women boxers comprises 22 boxers in the elite category, 10 in the youth category and a similar number in youth bracket.
Want to know how to make money work for you?
He was pronounced dead moments after arriving at the hospital.
Eymael'S appointment only awaiting government approval.
Lightning, Bolt strike in Moscow.
The incident occurred in Kizungu zone in Makindye, a city suburb.
Wat killed keturah kamugasa.
Uganda can be wealthiest nation on the planet if citizens are honest - Rtd.
Don'T miss out timely news and information only in the New Vision,now on sale here-https://vpg.
Speaking in London after having escaped her captors, she appealed for help for those who remained trapped and for her Yazidi community, a minority which IS has targeted for massacres, enslavement and rape in northern Iraq.
Speaking in Laos, Mr Obama said that every time Mr Trump spoke it became clearer that the Republican contender was not qualified to be president.
So heartbreaking banange to lose such an innocent soul bambi.
Science & Technology: Algae Lamps Invention.
Update: Why KCCA finally agreed to okay #Goodlyfe concert.
Find out how she has made it this far in Pakasa Vision today Friday only in the New Vision.
As the clock ticks towards the commencement of key activities for the 2021 general election, the 10th Parliament has limited time to accomplish its unfinished business.
Cake ANGEL: For all matters Cake Baking, we got you!
It's certainly and surely obviously not going to snow!
EEh am gonna become criminal then poor me,go to ICC and be treated like a celebrity.
The #TPF6 contestants on probation.
Has he got swag?
The general Court Martial that sits at Bombo is today expected to deliver the much-anticipated judgment of the suspected Bombo killer soldier, Private Patrick Okot.
Details in New Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Under the Motorcycle and Tricycle Regulations 2012 that came into force on September 1, Boda Bodas are classified as Public Service Vehicles and are required to display two number plates – front and rear.
Say again what the middle liner should be made of?
The New Vision is with Alahad Yusuf and Omugeye Kasule.
Icpau will hold Four (4) examinations diets in 2021 – March, June, September and December.
He directed the Uganda Investment Authority to urgently table a draft proposal to ensure that the institution is a one stop centre for investments with all the relevant officials including those to do with the environment under one roof.
If you invest in much you will definitely get much and vice versa.
You will not say amen to budha, Allah, mukasa, zues, diana, and say Amen to Yahweh.
Ft Man City 2-2 Burnley - George Boyd & Ashley Barnes make Burnley's day.
On the visa form, he will be required to state the reason(s) for visiting Uganda.
I advised Dad to do a vasectomy but he almost cursed me.
The New Vision added 7 new photos — at Uganda Parliament.
During the closure of the Inter-Party Organisation for Dialogue (IPOD) two-day retreat at Colline Hotel in Mukono on Friday, many argued that even if the electoral and constitutional reforms the opposition is pushing for were successfully passed, the country would not be able to have free and fair elections to remove President Yoweri Museveni from power.
Find out which spots these are.
Killed them all of course".
May her Soul Rest in Peace.
Bobi WINE: ARMY COURT DROPS CHARGES .
The New Vision added 30 new photos — at Mandela National Stadium - Namboole.
The cause to the death of Akande kaweesi!
The unit on Friday, 17 September, confirmed the arrest of one health worker in Kampala after purportedly selling a COVID-19 vaccination certificate to their own undercover operative at sh50,000.
What'S the use of the "bikoyi" wore inside?
He also thanked for the unit among the Muslims.
ug or like our jobs portal Facebook page for updates, .
And we’ll have no one to blame but ourselves.
Today marks 2 years since tragedy befell Uganda when MV Templar, capsized, killing over 30 people on Lake Victoria.
I dare him to try.
Show your support for human rights by posting online or getting involved in online discussions.
 Avoid handling supermarket carts if you can.
Pastor Robert Kayanja prays against strong holds of corruption & tribalism, saying people promoting their own tribes are digging their own graves.
He was discharged Wednesday, but was hospitalised again three days later.
The country is divided by 1% that use the guns to maintain power.
Omicron Vs Sports: Are we ready for a second leg?
5 weighted system in the admission of female students to be extended to all female students regardless of age and to especially those who join the university through mature age entry scheme and the diploma holders’ scheme.
Former mayoral candidate and one of the wealthiest Ugandans John Ssenseko Kulubya has passed on.
One person has died of COVID-19 in Iganga, while 32 others are admitted at Iganga Hospital in critical condition.
Who do you believe fits the managerial job at Old Trafford?
Could he have been in Juba for some illicit business deals?
A new Bill being discussed by Members of Parliament proposes that savers with the National Social Security Fund should be paid on a monthly basis after retiring instead of a lump sum pay.
They will be praying that they squeeze three points out of KCCA, who are hosting today's game at Lugogo.
Who is Fifi da Queen anyways?
Nakawa Court Chief Magistrate, Sylvia Nabbagala, remanded Uwera until August, 5, 2013.
Kayihura also announced that they would crackdown on boda-boda operators suspected to be engaged in criminal acts like murder, rape and theft of cash and property of passengers they transport.
📸 A glance at the late Archbishop🇿🇦 Desmond Tutu's life in 55 pictures.
Here is a sneak peek inside Sunday Vision.
Pictures from across the country as Uganda celebrates her 50th birthday.
As such, our life is just about chores; waking up very early, organizing the home, going to work and then returning home to more work.
Grab yourself a copy of today's New.
Our reporterRuth Esther Nasejje sat with him to understand his journey before and after he contracted HIV/AIDS.
The New Vision is with Patrick Bwango and 7 others.
And there are whispers of a rebellion against the Capitol — a rebellion that Katniss and Peeta may have helped create.
He says he is not ready for marriage.
Welcome to #HitWishList with Ann Taylor.
Naye Museveni yabajooze .
Mp Lukyamuzi gave a two months period and warned that if nothing is done he will mobilise his constituents not to pay taxes to government.
The EC chairperson also noted that there are allegations of extortion of money by some local leaders and update officials from applicants in order to sign on their applications 👉.
#United had 66% of the ball in the first half - and made that dominant possession count by scoring two goals.
The New Vision is with Daniel Ilukol.
The International Conference on the Great Lakes Region (ICGLR) comes at a time of renewed fighting in the restive eastern Congo, which has seen the Congolese M23 rebels seize the strategic town of Goma from government forces.
When shall we stop this donor mentality?
Agnes Nakitende and Asuman .
Simon Kiteko, 26, .
Tunisia remained the top African team despite dropping three spots to 24th in the world.
As days to this year's Nile Gold Jazz Safari event approach thick and fast, American smooth jazz saxophonist, Kirk Whalum was the first, of the two headliners, to arrive in the country, Monday night, in time for the event set for Friday at Kampala Serena Hotel.
A 19-year-old man has been sentenced to a four-year jail term after he pleaded guilty to theft.
At the end of 2013, we met again and rekindled our relationship, but we were not living together.
Or do you know someone who is there?
Government will offer about 350 undergraduate and postgraduate scholarships under the “higher education science and technology (HEST)” project that is financed with a $105m (approximately 340b) loan from the African Development Bank (ADB).
Find out why such violent strikes are happening in the region.
Ayaa mi kenyan money.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has come under pressure to immediately recall lawmakers from their summer holiday so parliament can debate Brexit.
Wakiso district chairperson, Matia Bwanika, (DP) appointed Rosemary Namubiru to be his deputy but councilors rejected the choice arguing that the nominee is not beautiful.
You reap what you sow and for everything we do, we always get paid in full.
Majority of adolescents rely on their peers and the internet for information on their sexual and reproductive health.
Its not the justification to cover the crime specially in the name of any faith, however.
These in their capacity only cannot execute the theft at BoU.
Let's live in peace n not create hatred.
Mobile phones are adding to the high rate of marriage break-ups today, the Rev.
President Museveni is holding meetings with NRM youths from central Uganda.
Buy today's new Vision news paper or subscribe;http://bit.
The New Vision is with Yiga Isreal and 13 others.
As an adult, Rehema Kyampire chose to pursue her passion.
Although there was no physical violence or even serious mishaps, the 13th CPC convened in Kampala in 1967, did not end without hair raising incidents.
The problem we have is politicise most of these things.
Who is Bobi Wine's Ghetto's successor?
The New Vision is with Mugarura Muhamoud and 2 others.
I am picturing a priest choosing to escort wife to hospital for delivery in place of saying mass.
Who owns south Sudan?
A group of city boda boda cyclists protests Besigye's 'Peoples government' move to drag President Yoweri Museveni to the International Criminal Court (ICC).
others pics show us aburnt plane on roof others show us ashes now which is which.
From Monday the 14th of June until the 30th of June, get up to 60% OFF selected items when you join in the celebration and shop with Jumia!
“The best decisions aren’t made with your mind, but with your instinct”.
It is difficult to excel at something you don’t enjoy.
Cigarette manufacturer British American Tobacco Uganda Ltd and the government are rowing over the Tobacco Control Regulations, 2019.
Whatever the detils,we'll wait$see its implementation.
The 94-year-old monarch and her husband Prince Philip normally spend the festive season at her Sandringham estate in eastern England with other members of the family.
Paracetamol, a common over-the-counter pain-reliever, does not work in the treatment of osteoarthritis, a joint disorder afflicting tens of millions of elderly people, according to a study released Friday.
Unknown assailants on Monday hacked a 24-year-old to death and left his body in a shop, police have revealed.
Gilbert Bukenya has rejected summons in which he is facing charges of fraudulent transaction with Motorcare Uganda Limited.
Ka kimpi juuni kano nako kabadde ki?
There have been several loud explosions and gun fire reported at Westgate Mall.
637 more people have tested positive for Covid-19 as the Second wave continues to hit the country.
Alfred Kamusala said that Bantariza opened a different account after the office of the president informed them (institute administrators) that the institute had been given a budgetary allocation of sh500m for the first time.
Emergency services said Mbage was found unconscious on a street in Lavapies by police on patrol -- see more at: https://goo.
Nigerian CUSTOM SERVICE AUCTIONS VEHECLES.
The Uganda shilling traded within the 3655/3665 level against the dollar throughout Wednesday’s trading session despite pockets of corporate demand.
I decided to take her for counseling and family planning because I was afraid she might get pregnant.
Cyprian Kizito Lwanga grace Bukedde anniversary.
What is their role, to blame or to teach us the ways of being godly.
Dubai airport sees 10.
This is on the grounds that he is using facilities in his office to edge out his opponents in the race for party president.
More than any other nation.
Download the app here.
Mbarara woman hacks hubby, kills six grandchildren.
Am watching from Singapore.
Maama Fiina talks about her romantic love affair with the late Major Kiggundu.
But the decay in morals is tarnishing its name.
This is in addition to hi-tech modern security equipment which includes scanners, CCTV cameras".
✍️ OPINION: Are our schools ready for E-learning?
Just IN: Ban Ki-moon appoints former #uganda Vice President Specioza Wandira-Kazibwe his special envoy for HIV/AIDS in Africa .
The virus has claimed three more lives in Iran, taking the country's overall death toll to 15.
Should we continue funding this project or is it now safe to write it off?
God bless them all and their mothers.
"For me I look at UPC as a dream for a better Uganda.
Movit boss Simpson Birungi isn’t about to give the fight to regain his freedom.
The New Vision is with Immaculate Jacqueline Nakigozi and 2 others.
A total of 7,329 new cases were reported over the same period.
The New Vision is with Otim Nathan Pritim.
The New Vision with European Union in Uganda.
Kiira Motors corporation is here to show capabilities in Uganda motive engineering.
Check out & like Pakasa Vision for more….
If you don't know them, then you don't know how to make yourself fit.
First lady takes school feeding campaign to Karamoja.
director Jennifer Semakula Musisi is getting deeper after saying he will fight relentlessly to exercise his full authority, accusing the executive director of usurping his political powers http://see.
15 cases are among samples taken from Points of Entry while 20 cases are among samples of alerts & contacts.
7% and 77 as had earlier claimed.
It is now that every African is realizing the importance of Gen.
He was speaking during a Dua (supplication) organised by the retired senior district Kadhi and adviser to the Mufti of Uganda Sheikh Ibrahim Nkanji at his home in Kaliiti in Wakiso district.
Diz ar people whom sh'd never be 4given 4 dere didz.
On its 8th birthday, Whatsapp introduced a host of features including the New "Status" feature that allows you to share video status updates as well as captioned images that disappear after 24 hours, a feature that is just similar to Snapchat.
#Celebwatch:Taylor Swift caught kissing Tom Hiddleston less than two weeks after split from Calvin Harris.
Simply download the #VisionGroup #Epaper app via the Google Play Store bit.
Hope ARVS will available in village centres 4 poor infected pipo.
I joined police at 20yrs, by then my monthly salary was 70,000 ush.
Makerere University will today recognize public personalities and organisations, its staff and students in awards for exceptional achievement.
Why should we then encourage unnecessary prospects.
Symbolically marking the end of an era of 13 years in power for the leftist Workers' Party, Rousseff stepped out of the Alvorada Palace and into the blazing Brasilia sunshine, surrounded by some 100 supporters, former ministers and allied lawmakers.
The origins of the virus and China's response have become highly politicised, with Donald Trump accusing Beijing of a lack of transparency.
"The violence present in our hearts, wounded by sin, is also reflected in the symptoms of sickness evident in the soil, in the water, in the air and in all forms of life".
Eating seafood may lead to higher levels of mercury in the brain, but a study out Tuesday found that increased mercury does not appear to raise the risk of dementia.
Two and a half stars out of four, and will be in theaters around Kampala on Friday 25th of March.
Photo : Statue of president Blaise Compaoré brought down by protestors.
Their eyes will open when big Daddy survives no more.
How many officials should have traveled with the Uganda Olympics Team?
Get the details here👉http://bit.
While a lot of attention today is on #Christmas, you may want to know that it is also #PumpkinPieDay!
Then when a hard surviving tax payer Ugandan sweeps away some two grains of rice, not only the army but the police is involved!
The New Vision added 24 new photos.
Arua residents start move to support removal of age limit for president.
#Update: #UPDF spokesman; Paddy Ankunda says reports that Gen.
Find out why and where exactly they want him buried.
This year has been another long year and a difficult one at that.
Ok, they want them to refund the money.
Maybe there is some truth to that; maybe not.
Museveni had scheduled to meet the secretaries general of political parties who are members of the Interparty Dialogue (IPOD) at his home at Rwakitura, but a section of Opposition members raised concerns.
The New Vision is with Makarius Kashaija.
Buganda Road Court has today fined six people, including Pastors Solomon Male of Arising for Christ Ministries, Martin Sempa of Makerere Community Church, plus Michael Kyazze and Robert Kayiira of Omega Healing Centre, sh1m each and ordered them to do 100 hours of community service after convicting them of conspiring to destroy Pastor Robert Kayanja's name and profession.
As the public trial of the UPDF soldier accused of murdering ten people in Bombo town kicked off, it emerged that the accused reportedly killed victims to destroy evidence in a case of attempted rape that had been brought against him.
Prdp money goes to 55 districts and Northern region has only 28 districts.
Sad NEWS: Sheikh Ahmed Mukasa, former Mufti is dead.
Boy who lost genitals in dog attack has got a lease of life.
2 million towards the reconstruction of Kasubi Royal Tombs.
Stop comparing brazil to our country, let those who feel angry can try to force our presindent out ov state house if they hve potential.
The sturdy calf, which is yet to be named — was born Saturday at the Rhino Sanctuary in Nakasongola district.
Do you want to plan your wedding in a day?
The singer turned MP utilizes confinement time to compose songs.
A US inmate died of a heart attack Tuesday more than 40 minutes after his execution was halted due to a botched lethal injection, triggering claims of torture.
The New Vision is with Muwanguzi Derrick Mwesigwa.
Find out more inside New Vision -EPAPER -https://vpg.
Seven people were killed in a terror attack on Saturday by three assailants on London Bridge and in the bustling Borough Market nightlife district, the chief of London's police force said on Sunday.
To,And Namataba are no longer forests, are big home villages and centre.
76' ⚽️ CR7 BROUGHT TO HIS KNEES?
#Breaking - Oscar Pistorius granted bail and is set to spend christmas at home as he awaits sentencing for murder case.
The Police in Kampala arrested at least 130 motorists in different parts of the city over drunk driving.
The same the minister of kampala just banned from transporting people?
The International Crimes Division of the High Court will on Wednesday afternoon determine whether eight men accused of murdering the former Police spokesperson, Andrew Felix Kaweesi, have fulfilled bail conditions warranting their temporary freedom.
Uganda@50 celebrations conclude with a riveting show by PlayWright Alex Mukulu.
He squanders his salary and by the fifth of every month, it is finished.
Angina is the army chief of Staff  Land Forces while Kayemba has been posted to the UN peacekeeping department.
The groups in all the five urban divisions of Kampala are mainly women groups which secure funding from the authority under the CDD to improve their businesses.
Close bag and refrigerate 4 hours to overnight.
Ny thing beta 2 took abt.
The life of Aunt Molly, as she was commonly known, came to an end on Friday at Kampala Hospital.
The Pope’s envoy has spoken out about the importance of Basilica in Uganda.
Mamdani has lost someone who used to harass him intellectually.
We dont need such characters in our society.
This week, my brightest, blinding glare is on Bebe Cool; How he conned the president of sh165m.
The list that was also submitted to CAF saw three players dropped from the team.
Makerere to fire staff entangled in court proceedings.
Plus, since you look at the page on which you are writing, you naturally review the material and reinforce the information you've already processed, Dr. Towfigh says.
Learn how to live on your own.
We are going to liberate the nation & restructure the State.
With the large multitude of people which had gathered in the church,why is the court failing to deliver judgement?
Mps Have Aright To Defend The Constitution.
They always query and later approve.
"The Christians are the major source of finance for the church.
As he neared where the baboon was, the baboon descended and met Sserugo.
By the time the child reaches the first birthday, he can respond to simple commands and pronounce common simple words.
UPDF stay prolongs war in the youngest nation.
Here’S that flying car we were all promised: Long a staple of science fiction, the hoverbike could soon become reality.
I have no respect for war mongers but I do have a due respect to peace makers.
Picture of the Day.
The Catholic Church Uganda Martyrs awareness team on Thursday attracted hundreds of Christians who gathered at St Jude’s Catholic Church Wakiso to listen to stories about the 22 pages who became great martyrs of modern times.
Tributes have been paid to Dr. Robert Jjumba, the former CEO of Uganda Young Men’s Christian Association (YMCA), who passed on in Lisbon, Portugal, on July 24 (2019), at the age of 63.
We just love to announce that so and so has been banned.
The Ministry of Health today announced that the threat of any emerging outbreak of Ebola is almost negligible and that the country is currently in a post Ebola Surveillance Phase.
As u can before they block it.
How did they come to this agreement?
Unto you, all creations come to worship.
Whereas it is exhausting thinking about the possibilities of a second leg involving Omicron and Sports locally, it is hard to ignore that Omicron is slowly unravelling sporting programmes across the globe and that we are affected in the long run!
Over 100 traders renting on Sudir Rupareria’s shopping mall on Market Street, took to the streets protesting paying their monthly rent charges in US dollars.
Sunday Xtra: Meet the Pilot who has flown world leaders-https://vpg.
Once he united the country.
The New Vision is with Aembrozia Byaruhanga and 9 others.
Govt loses millions of shillings in delayed construction of Kampala fly-over.
Dogs and stork drama is always entertaing.
Nominate an exceptional teacher in a Ugandan School for recognition.
The withdrawal method shaking the giant judge and his team?
Daily tips in the 🗞️ 👉🏽 bit.
He is being well- managed".
Something we loved doing two years ago may now give us displeasure.
Marcos Llorente has scored four minutes after Roberto Firmino's goal.
The New Vision is with Ssekitooleko Emmanuel and Brian Mukisa.
#History: The first car advertisement in history, 1898.
The conference will see the country benefit financially from revenues collected from delegates in form of money spent on tourism, accommodation, and other services.
'We cannot send a bill that is not harmonized to the President.
We better forget that story.
Following the government decision to give cash handouts through mobile money instead of food to the people who have lost livelihood due to re-imposed lockdown, KCCA leaders have recommended to government a fee of sh252,000 for the 42 days.
According to a medical report read to the mourners, Komujuni’s death resulted from a blood clot, which blocked the main vessel that supplies blood to the heart.
Uganda has given the Republic of South Sudan a window of 30 days to allow free visa entry to Ugandans entering the country.
Kizza Besigye to avail to the public the list of all his polling agents and also reveal how his votes were stolen in the just-concluded February 18 general elections.
any information u may have will be very helpful.
“What do we want to achieve at the end of the day?
I am 38 years old and I have two teenage daughters from a marriage that lasted 10 years.
the bag and a are used as political condoms.
To learn more following the link bellow.
i wish them hell .
It took a while for Evelyn Zalwango, who worked as a public relations manager, years to find out.
Nemostars volleyball club spiker Tom Amau is eyeing at least a quarterfinal finish as the Ugandan champions head for the Africa Club Championship in Libya.
Indeed BESIGYE iz power greedy, i see him frastrated more come feb 2016.
But I do not want my daughter Anywhere near my former best friend.
From laying bricks, working as help at construction sites, tilling land for a fee to peddling banana juice on the streets; 25 –year-old Lucky Ssenyondo did it all.
I thought we did well, were the better team at 2-0 down in the first half.
Find out when the recruitment starts in Saturday Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Before we give you tickets, let's do some captioning.
This comes in the wake of the gruesome murder of Arua Municipality MP Col.
There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us.
Have you made good progress in achieving your financial resolutions for this year?
Ssebutinde had recommended that Mbonye be dismissed from public service.
Then Uganda with 5 planes handling 7 destinations is going to make profit.
Its avery very late move by the Government.
People travel all the way to see these animals.
This is in defiance of the Bishop of Mukono diocese, James Ssebaggala’s order, not to allow traditional healers to perform rituals within the school.
We have got an opportunity to lift our national flag high and to me that's an opportunity to have unlimited PR as a country .
The next time you rush out the door in the morning without something to eat, consider this: Skipping breakfast can set you up for overeating later in the day.
Those burning schools will be cursed — Fr Luzindana #EPAPER: http://is.
The hospital’s medical superintendent, Dr. Joshua Kiberu, said the renovation is expected to kick off early next year.
How Ongwen of LRA was captured, what next for him?
Soroti Municipality Member of Parliament and former state minister for health Mike Mukula has been convicted and sentenced four years in jail for embezzling sh210m from Global Alliance Vaccination for Immunisation (GAVI).
Nkeera once survived Obote’s irate soldiers while he was leading mass at Rubaga cathedral!
“The UK has been firmly committed that at least everyone around the world has access to safe vaccine.
The tractors were delivered personally by the president to several excited individuals and groups in the presence of political leaders.
What can stop Daisy Ejang from winning this Sunday?
World Champion Stephen Kiprotich will be landing at Entebbe International Airport tomorrow at 1pm aboard Emirates Airways.
Detailed story in Sunday Vision.
Mayiga hailed Amuriat, for putting the Federal system of governance into consideration in his manifesto.
These monkeys are easily identifiable due to their big noses.
The New Vision is with Wasswa Arafat and 4 others.
A sick Marabu stock being rescued by Animal Care Giver Officials; Nicholas Namara and Joseph Muwonge from Uganda Wildlife Education Centre (zoo) near Vision group Office in Kampala.
The suspects are five Uganda People’s Defense Force (UPDF) officers and civilians, who include one female.
Liverpool now sit just two points behind fourth-placed United, meaning this weekend's meeting could prove key in the race for the top four - and Rodgers is upbeat about his team's chances of avenging their defeat at Old Trafford.
But we dont see them.
A Fiat 500L used by Pope Francis during his visit last year to the US city of Philadelphia sold at auction Friday for $82,000, with the proceeds going to various Catholic charities.
Thanks to a great spell caster called Dr Idisi which i met online who brought my girlfriend back to me.
Kenya finds '70 year supply' of water in desert region.
Take photos and share!
We NEED RESHUFFLE FOR THE PRESIDENT.
And when overtaxing them, are u making losses or profits too, banange?
Suubi’S hope has gotten brighter after he got a scholarship for the course he longed for at Makerere University.
In the wake of COVID-19, and now that many of the young are rendered idle at home, it is such a prudent idea to have them empowered with various skills.
With the ministry of foreign affairs issuing tough guidelines for stranded Ugandans to return home, preparations at the Uganda High Commission in London are in high gear to assist nationals find their way home.
The New Vision is with Nakiyemba Carolyn and Bayiye Badru.
Now you just hear such question, actually one wonder if his appointment is sincere and noble, am sure in the parliament there is main opposition, and any thing minus them is suspicious, no this is just his usual trick which is beneficial to him in term of cheap popularity, otherwise the whole thing to with the opposition appointment doesnt make any political sense at all, there is known opposition, if he does not know let him ask Rt Hon Kadaga.
He had gone to the crash scene, a blackened crater with debris scattered around it, hoping to find anything that had belonged to 49-year-old Matzliah, but he was.
Berunado Ssebbugga Kimeze former Ag.
Who else is Bobi Wine’s co-accused?
There are several easy ways to develop one, and you can even get paid to do what you’re already doing.
O M G really his A hero.
It said it was ready to help an estimated 1.
We bring you the highlights of the day in a series of pictures.
Dear men, "Jealousy" in a relationship is actually the fear of losing someone, no girl wants to hear about your "other girls".
The New Vision is with Barbra Kansiime Iliovski and 8 others.
I guess skills without jobs is better than lack of skills without jobs.
Indicate kamuli as well.
The New Vision added 5 new photos — in Kampala, Uganda.
Actually the group from Karamoja did my best.
A light jog a few days per week for 20 minutes is adequate”.
He recently proposed marriage and wants us to wed next year,March .
Presidents Paul Kagame of Rwanda and Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo of Equatorial Guinea were among 470 individuals to receive awards for their contribution to the liberation struggle during Liberation Day celebrations in Kapchorwa http://see.
In deed he forgot his job.
Costumes and props worn by Hollywood star Sylvester Stallone in the box-office smash hit "Rocky" and Rambo" movies went on public view in New York Tuesday before being offered for auction.
The book, Uganda: Building Of A Nation, features over 148 personalities who have made significant contribution in building Uganda.
You just have to make the right choice.
There are 16 million SIM cards in Uganda, according to the Uganda Communications Commission (UCC), the telecom sector regulator.
About 15 people feared dead, many others injured.
Sanctions affects civilians not those in power.
Time is up for teachers and health workers who abscond from duty.
You don't want to end up like the US, do you?
In New Vision: West Nile sets up education trust fund,read today's paper for details of who will benefit -https://vpg.
The girls, aged 15, 16 and 17, face up to five years in prison for insulting the head of state if found guilty.
Unlike other chimps, Natasha does not forgive easily and is known to keep a grudge for days until the right opportunity strikes for her to carry out revenge.
"The 200m was harder than I expected.
They should improve service delivery.
Sudan'S President Omar al-Bashir underwent a knee operation on Sunday, his press secretary said, amid uncertainty over whether the leader will seek to extend his 25 years in power.
Epl HALF TIME: Man City 1 - 0 Arsenal.
The Uganda People’s Congress (UPC) has urged Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) to levy congestion and emission charges on personal transport if Kampala is to realize sustainable development.
Senga bride and groom to offer our duly services to your project.
The more we blur the lines between work, social, and home life, the more we feel like we're in more than one place at once while trying to parent.
The Korean International Cooperation Agency (KOICA) and UNICEF on Wednesday handed over three ambulances to the districts of Amudat, Kotido and Napak to enable pregnant women access life-saving services or health facilities quickly.
Bambi poor her jah bless.
Preparations for the Uganda Martyrs Day are in high gear.
Archbishop Emeritus Henry Luke Orombi: Is a peaceful and inclusive election possible in Uganda today?
Former Cricket Cranes captain Davis Karashani Arinaitwe names his greatest players of all time.
According to reports, the man held the government responsible for the death of his relative, claiming they were not equipped to handle the disease.
Npa predicts over 500 new COVID cases daily.
Volunteering teaches you about yourself and your world while preparing you for the future and connecting you to your community.
Fire guts shops in Sironko.
How do I tell her I don't want her to live with us permanently?
Prime Minister congratulates Cranes for their performance via tweeter.
And they do not disappoint as I take it all in, seated at the topmost raised area of the amphitheater.
It shows you how people hate their country, but the worry is the actions of the greedy people are affecting us all and the coming generations.
“There has been lack of resources to install the machines at foreign missions and that is why we have centralised the application for e-passports” Jacob Siminyu.
Prince Ali, who was elected FIFA vice-president for Asia in 2011, said he had been encouraged to stand after discussing the forthcoming election with colleagues in the sport.
I dont even recogonise that as acase to be answered.
Children are not your property; they do not belong to you.
As Usual Old Vision enjoys bringing this so that we can lose trust in everyone.
A credit to you for once!
Police are linking former rebels and ex- convicts to upsurge in high profile crimes.
I have a copy now in the office with me,thanks for making a difference.
May someone send me that Kyambogo admission list please.
They should tell us y is it happening now.
Individuals that practice oral hygiene have 1,000 to 100,000 bacteria living on each tooth surface, while less clean mouths can have between 100 million and 1 billion bacteria on each tooth.
You will thrive in spite of it”.
Mugisha Muntu, has said the ongoing walk-to-work protests are not meant to fight or over throw the Government but to force the state to address people’s needs.
this fake thinkin of flyover should stop, this gov is very lucky, most ugs who them have being traveling, no exposure.
KALE HIS GRANDS KINDS WILL PAY.
First YOUTH ORCHESTRA CONCERT IN UGANDA .
Ok, another idiot will plan to close the state house as a record and at his own benefit as the fighting continues.
It earlier said he was "resting" for several days.
In an effort to improve the sports sector across the country, government has launched a National Sports Development Plan (NSDP).
Next up for Cranes, World Cup 2014 qualifiers March 3, 2013 - Liberia v Uganda.
Le the moslems come out en approve that it was fine to have other religions' MPs' names branded on pigs if they weren't behaving pigshly.
⚽ The Europa League round of 32 matchups have just been made.
Obua collapsed while conducting a training session of fellow ex-internationals at Nakivubo Stadium in Kampala at 11:00am.
The woman who accused Makerere University vice-chancellor Prof Venansius Baryamureeba of rape & impregnating her, has withdrawn the complaint.
I beleave God z in control of everything u r going through KB.
8b in a solar power project for rural schools and health centres.
Verily, with hardship, there is relief.
Uganda'S Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) leader Kizza Besigye, in the company of his wife Winnie Byanyima, leaves Jomo Kenyatta International Airport (JKIA) May 11, 2011.
Get to know what inspired her.
The Engineers Registration Board (ERB) has called upon all engineering practitioners to registers as professionals.
The problems in South Sudan started way back in 2011; after South Sudan independence.
Ssebuguzi navigated by Leon Ssenyange in a Mitsubishi Evo 10, posted a total time loss of an hour,19.
The vehicles will help the four districts to supervise and monitor project activities.
How Ssevvume turned his farming dream into reality Details :.
Evidence reveals that youth engagement in agriculture is declining amidst rising youth unemployment yet the services and industrial sectors despite growing at considerably faster rates have not created enough jobs for the burgeoning youthful labour force.
The New Vision is with Michael Mutebutsi Nyarambe Jésus and 5 others.
That'S a nyc message from a non future president.
stir and #season with salt.
Now you are sucking it and have taken it back to where you found it.
Dr Love Kiprotich Love tips.
Wat abt Racheal magola of obangayina.
Nsforming Africa by identifying and funding key sectors such as ICT, Agriculture and Industry is the way to go.
And why preventing him from campaigning.
We have always known him to be conscious about the way he looks, what he wears in public and his hygiene, like a typical metro male.
Government to fund Namugongo-https://vpg.
Appearing before the General Court Martial (GCM) presided over by Lt.
#Checkpoint: COVID19 AND PEOPLE LIVING WITH HIV.
2007: Former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto was assassinated by a suicide bomber in Rawalpindi, Pakistan.
To curb the spread of #COVID19, all places of worship including mosques were temporarily closed after a directive from President Yoweri Museveni.
I desire to be an excellent achiever beginning today.
Badru Kiggundu has assured the country of safe, free and fair municipal and city division elections scheduled for tomorrow, March 2: http://ow.
Was @KCCAED right about traffic police?
Museveni SPEAKS OUT ON MBABAZI; "Mbabazi has a lot to explain.
In BUSINESS VISION: Taxes will curtail private sector growth — experts.
I thought it's the current US President Barack Obama who is also a democrat that controls the FBI.
Unicef declared 2014 the Year of Innovation for Children.
Niger'S President Mahamadou Issoufou enjoyed a strong lead Thursday in his quest for a second term as leader of the uranium-rich west African nation, according to partial results from elections that the opposition has slammed as rigged.
Full story inside the New Vision.
However, last year's runners-up have embarked on a superb run since then, going 13 top-flight matches without defeat to put themselves firmly in the running for UEFA Champions League qualification.
If you look at the picture well you see that his being killed but not arrested.
from 1986, Britain has had Margaret Thatcher, John Major, Tony Blair, Gordon Brown, David Cameron, Theresa May.
He was found dead in his bed.
I think if you have a reason not to move your feet then you need to ask God.
By the time she was 16 years old, her breasts were so big for a girl of her age.
Bring to a boil and boil for 2 minutes, stirring frequently.
Subscribe to access a complete digital copy;.
And pliz don't forget to trace the concerned person who captured the whole thing for a word of thanks otherwise sm pple hv that I don't care attitude munange.
The pop diva known for her soaring five-octave range said that the E!
He now has to take care of his two children after his wife left.
Get parenting advice and stories from parenting experts and counselors in the Parenting/Family column every Monday to Friday in New Vision.
The New Vision as a madia is ensuring people at large about the general inequalities and strategic analasis world wide especially our kids in lango sub region have access to New Vision.
Rwanda has dismissed accusations it was meddling in neighbouring Burundi's political crisis, with Kigali's foreign minister saying Rwanda only wanted peace.
Let me just reserve my comment coz the person warning us doesn't know what we're going through, it's only God who knows what we're going through.
Maria Odido has been through it all.
New vocational curriculum to be rolled out in January.
Amuru Primary School To Get Class Rooms.
You also need to tell the people that it only appears to users in Uganda.
The New Vision is with Justus Nuwahereza.
get down to wat is happening in gaza before raising ur baseless issues.
There will be a vigil tonight for Dr. Sarah Namulondo at her family home in Bulemezi, about 60km from Kampala, she will be buried tomorrow in Bulemezi.
Enter the grand draw to WIN an all-expense paid wedding at the luxurious Elephants Plain Lodge at Queen Elizabeth National Park.
He becomes the first East African and fourth in Africa to be inducted on the wall, an accolade awarded to distinguished graduates.
9 billion as compensation for the destruction of their trucks and goods along the Northern Corridor (Nairobi-Eldoret-Kampala highway).
I couldn't find it on the website.
Parents who reason with their kids allow them to understand and learn in a non judgmental way.
Hungarian Mate Zsamboki has vowed to finish off Ugandan kick boxer Moses Golola before the end of the match.
They started by visiting Barbra Babirye and Brenda Nakato’s shop at the Crafts Village, Buganda Road.
A common practice that involves using a syringe to remove a patient's blood clots during treatment for a heart attack has been found to increase the risk of stroke, researchers said Monday.
Zimbabwe'S first lady Grace Mugabe on Thursday announced her candidacy to succeed her husband, 90-year-old president Robert Mugabe, when he leaves office, reports TIMESLIVE.
To help Abdu Karim Kiryowa find where to sleep and receive medical attention, you can go through this number 👉 0773399050.
Its tradition which creates it all as it encourages women to suffer silently and keep family secrets tightly paka last.
How can a witness be a suspect ?
Five people have been confirmed dead while two others sustained injuries in a head on collision road accident involving a fuso truck and fuel tanker along Soroti-Lira highway.
We don't dwell on sadness though so we show you what you missed when you were in bed on New Year's night.
The most active global powers of the time declined to ratify the Treaty, or withdrew somewhere along the way, citing several compelling grounds.
But where has this bill originated from?
Won'T work, you need to redesign all the city roads to international standards Jennifer.
The presidents of Rwanda and DR Congo are taking part in a regional summit in Uganda, to agree on a neutral force tasked with policing their border and neutralising rebel groups.
The New Vision is with Wasswa Isaac.
Greed & malicious deals for personal benefits where forefront.
Washington (AFP) - The online gaming networks for Sony's PlayStation and Microsoft's Xbox consoles -- hot gifts this Christmas -- were disrupted for a second day Friday in what hackers said was a coordinated attack.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil.
That's why I like my home country they stop for every living things even a spider .
All boda boda riders might have to be registered according to where they come from.
Be blessed woman of courage!
A more corporate support mechanism may be organising an extended family parenting seminar or meeting and encouraging her parents to attend.
The country will construct up to eight new reactors for the "peaceful use of atomic energy" in Iran, Russian state news agency Ria-Novosti reported Tuesday.
What questions do you want Vision to ask KIPROTICH when we get to interview him?
Trademark East Africa (TMEA) has committed at least $2.
And so today I rise again.
More pictures from the UGANDA CRANES INITIATIVE press conference ahead of CECAFA 2012 http://j.
We then also bind the condoms with rubber bands or strings to ensure safety.
Power distributor, UMEME Limited says it has connected a total of 125,000 Ugandans on the national grid between January and November 2021.
Makerere LECTURERS PROTEST SCRAPPING OF EVENING PROGRAMMES.
Juliana blows away the audience at Serena.
The Oldest Kenyan pilgrim;69 years old, James Gatandi is walking and is now approaching Kampala.
South Africa is not ready to host the Africa Cup of Nations in January if Morocco withdraws because of the Ebola epidemic, Sports Minister Fikile Mbalula said Monday.
This is completely crazy from such an addict.
Put noodles in 4 cups of salted boiling water.
Let God deal with the things they do, cause hate in your heart will consume you too.
One century after the start of the bloody conflict, “there is a large consensus in our society that the majority of them were not cowards, but decent soldiers, who performed their duties and did not deserve to die,” the report read.
He was not the best weed smooker but what we shd know is tht his tyme was up and he cldnt exceed that not even by half a minute.
Rwandans topped the list of foreign nationals who committed the highest number of crimes in Uganda, according to the 2018 annual crime report released recently.
The widow of the late city tycoon Eria Sebunya Bugembe aka Kasiwukira has been charged with the murder of her late husband.
Here is to find out how much you know your country, Uganda.
Get a copy of the Sunday Vision for MORE #EPAPER-https://epaper.
People in these areas will vote tomorrow Friday Feb 19, 2016.
I think its because this has become an opportuniy to show off than really understanding the meani of what you are getting into.
Lamentably, many leaders today run the Church exactly like a business, focusing on gimmicks, members, money and power.
Mark Harper: 'If it’s successful we’ll look at rolling it out.
<P>Against Al-Merriekh, they will be up against a side that eliminated them from the African Cup Winners Cup tournament on a 2-1 aggregate in 1992 and on a 3-2 aggregate the following year in 1993.
00pm at the king’s palace at Karuzika in the south division, Fort Portal municipality.
Built with an all-composite construction, the E-fan is 6.
ug for a free copy.
The New Vision is with Jihad Arafat.
Planning a weekend out in the wild?
3 trillions for teachers houses.
New Vision brings you testimonies from children and parents who have suffered under the violence of teachers.
Their latest addition to the already successful string of businesses is a modern chicken farm established three years ago Semuto, Luweero district.
Leone Ssenyange happy to win USPA awards.
Here we bring you the 2019 State of the Nation Address.
His arrest came after a tip off by concerned residents who saw the information technology graduate with a pistol looking for potential buyers.
Kabushenga can u kam back b4 de bomb finds u dea.
i changed yesterday am to vote besigye, and i stopped buying your pappers because its promoting museveni only, LIKE I STOPED WATCHING UBC AND STAR, let me read red pepper, monitor not your products, because your papper promotess segregations.
We have the story in today's New Vision.
A group of veterans have warned Lt.
According to a statement released by AMISOM, the aim of the Djibouti summit was to seek ways to bolster troop operations and enhance the strength of the Somali National Army.
He faults the Police for wrongful deployment on his property, citing oppression and lack of respect by the Police force who he accuses of infringing on his human rights.
#Thehandshake: Will smart metering help UMEME consumers?
Museveni condemns killing, orders for security cameras.
The New Vision added 30 new photos — with Perez Lambert Moroyei and 23 others.
Leaning on govt side shd stop and give true judgement if the want better pay.
According to Canon Kakooza, in case the compassionate NGO that takes care of this group of parents and their children runs out of support, the parents should be able to take care of their children by engaging in farming as a business.
The Bill is intended to establish an Act of Parliament to give the force of law in Uganda to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the Kyoto Protocol, and the Paris Agreement.
That is ggaju and the other one with a big udder is rwebihogo.
여기에서 중요한 것은 다툼의 요지가 생겨나게 되는데 그 차이는 개별적 인간에게 있는게 아니라 그 이끄는 자에 따라 각양각색으로 나타난다.
Still now I can't understand why new vision which which on side of Uganda government let RNC talk whatever they want , you help RNC right?
The four men from Greater Manchester were caught taking pictures at Wilson Airport in the capital and have been in custody for more than a week.
From there, she worked her way into the business and never looked back.
The 2022 tournament in the Gulf state will now be played with 32 nations taking part.
Residents of Tororo County have resolved to boycott participating in the forthcoming LCI, LCII and women council elections until when the President resolves the Tororo conflict-https://goo.
Many women spend on everything from anti-aging products to cosmetic surgery and slimming products.
#Beststartinlife SUPER DADS: Fred Zake helps his five-year-old daughter Beyonce with her homework at home in Kabale, western Uganda.
The students were arrested for burning desks and beating fellow students who did not want to join them in strike.
For sure Ugandas education system is so rigorous.
The latest information from the African Development Bank, is that the refinancing arrangements should be completed by October 2017.
Tanzania'S health minister issued an Ebola 'alert' Sunday after the disease, which has killed over 1,400 people in the Democratic Republic of Congo, appeared in their shared neighbour, Uganda.
Health Minister Dr Jane Ruth Aceng updating journalists on the country's preparedness to fight #COVID19.
When in our amateur ranks, I beat Tugume because he was in my weight category.
it's a religion of peace,I guess there's no need to defend that.
Or was the resignation not effective immediately?
Since February 28, 2019 when the Government of Rwanda issued an advisory against travel of its nationals to Uganda, flow of traffic from Uganda to Rwanda has been continuing normally," writes foreign affairs minister Sam Kutesa.
As food prices continue to skyrocket, many families are having only one meal a day, children are getting malnourished & men are worried.
🇺🇬 During the #National Budget Conference for 2022/23, finance minister Matia Kasaija says #Uganda's economic growth is expected to rebound to 4.
Most welcome our man Mayer.
How good is Bebe Cool's son at football?
Just asking for a friend.
Joven LE ENVIA VIDEO A SU NOVIO POR WHATSAPP Y EL LO SUVE A FACEBOOK (DISFRUTALO) .
There are no drugs in health centers.
Doing what they do best.
I sure there are no charcoal burners in South /A.
Slum dwellers thrive on waste.
Fresh elections at Baptist Church Luzira Parish polling station as NUP withdraws from contest.
The will was clear.
The unexpected exit of four commissioners and the quick appointment of new brooms at the Uganda Revenue Authority (URA) points at a possible clean-up of the tax body.
Full LIST: Kenya Government gazettes names of individuals and firms 'associated' with Al-Shabaab.
Kenyatta is coming in his capacity as the Chair of the East African Community, at the invitation of President Yoweri Museveni.
'I do not agree that we have weakened, the law is there and the teams are fully functioning.
The remains of the first victim, Paraguayan crew member Gustavo Encina, were handed over to his family early Friday in a coffin draped in his country's flag.
Having been an unused substitute in Germany's opener, Klose will again have to be patient after being named on the bench once more.
I recall the president called him a boy who failed to manage makerere university.
Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad.
The blast, which took place late Saturday in west Kabul, came as Washington and the Taliban finalise a deal to reduce the US military presence in Afghanistan and.
Read details in the New Vision on Friday.
Sadly, 62% of them, according to a recent report by ActionAid, are unemployed; apparently the highest in Africa.
Crime WATCH: A driver was arrested earlier in the day after police found 15 passengers locked up with padlocks in his vehicle on Masaka Road.
government is in volve because the othertime they lied us that Dominick Ogwen is dead and had confirmed its through DNA but now where is?
He does not do anything constructive with the money.
The New Vision added 28 new photos.
Where is the world heading to?
Breaking: Nigeria's incumbent president Goodluck Jonathan calls opposition leader Gen.
A busy Tuesday finds President Yoweri in Jinja and Buikwe districts, where he commissions a chain of factories in a move hoped to create more jobs.
Viola Davis is the first African-American woman to win Lead Actress in a Drama Series.
The Buganda caucus should be for Baganda to tackle Buganda related issues not the whole country,you are too small to discuss national issues.
Pastors warned on prosperity gospel; More details of this story in your copy of the New Vision.
God has given me a second chance.
Run to EUROPE or the US for help.
They SHOULD ALSO BRING BACK THE LAND RECIEVED IN THE 1900 AGREEMENT.
“Cane theft is detrimental to the sugar value chain because it causes losses in revenue received by the farmers, millers and the Government,” said Wanok, a communications ofﬁcer at Kinyara Sugar Works.
Where there is no kigundu we loss why ?
We can't affect Nature Or determine its course but rather, we can just seat bck enjoy a cup of black Tea smile to the sky and say thank u LORD 4 the Gift of Nature.
The presidential advisor accuses MTN of infringing on his copyright by using his voice recording in various ringtones.
This is Kelly's fourth mission, bringing his lifetime total to 520 days in space.
#German: Tonight #Berlin is divided again…by balloons lighting up route of the former #Wall.
There had been reports that the suspect, who has now been arrested, was protesting against living conditions.
According to the Daily Mail, the dossier throws new light on the life of the mother of four who converted to Islam as a schoolgirl and is now the world’s most wanted woman.
She has been taken to kitgum hospital.
Get your copy at only sh2,000.
Ugandan pineapple and coffee caused a lot of excitement at the Uganda stand and attracted hundreds of thousands of guests and enthusiasts that were served fresh Uganda pineapple and coffee specially imported from Uganda for the exhibition.
Bukholi Central MP Phillip Wafula Oguttu has revealed that corruption is eating away Parliament.
1b in Bwebajja Hotel deal.
Get your free pull out in today's paper.
Kunihira inspired change at Ibanda's Nyabuhikye SS.
💰📲 In a revenue-raising exercise, #Egypt🇪🇬 says it will tax social media content creators, as more citizens look to online platforms to make a living.
The team is yet to visit other 48 remaining parishes that form Kampala Archdiocese.
It looks like a fresh mango, with dew in the morning.
Terego County Member of Parliament in an interview after a heated plenary session recently.
UTODA agents in several city suburbs continued to collect the fees amid resistance from drivers while scuffles at Makindye stage in the Old Taxi Park and at Cooper Complex have been reported http://see.
Ashley Baryik, 29 said her grandparents have been separated because there is no room for both of them at the same home in Surrey, British Columbia.
The long awaited independence jubilee celebration came and went in a flash!
The Sun has cycles that last 11 years, give or take, from one period of greatest activity or solar maximum, to the next.
The soldiers have reportedly contracted diarrhoea.
The New Vision is with Orikiriza Keneth and Ďãńdý Phàŕouk Cazorla.
“That is useless and rubbish.
It clearly says fight only those who are killing you, destroying your property and lives, and conspiring against the will of Allah.
UK entry clearance manager Susanah Richmond told journalists .
A total of 61 MPs have failed to account for sh610m, which was advanced to them as constituency development fund (CDF).
A primary six pupil also failed to pronounce the word 'going'.
rest in peace comrade.
Presidents Yoweri Kaguta Museveni & Uhuru Kenyatta have arrived for the official launch of the Busia-Busia One Stop Border Post that is expected to save the time of East Africans &make trade between the two countries very fast & easy.
Without these two we remain more than powerful .
The President who is in the region as part of the national campaign to promote the job and wealth creation campaign, equated political work with salvation work.
The American Cancer Society reports a record one million new worldwide cases of stomach cancer and 800,000 deaths per year.
Lynette Xen is taking your music requests.
Simon Lokodo, former Dodoth West MP.
No regime has ever lacked such people calling themselves regime lovers, even president Amin had those who cried for his departure.
8 million women are currently are using contraceptives.
Tito Okello's govt flees http://articles.
The collapse happened as the bridge was being dismantled in Jiangxi province, the official Xinhua news agency reported.
I have been seeing this man for about six years now.
Even some formulas are available on internet.
He is expected to take plea on two grounds of abuse of office and fraudulent practice in relation to awarding of contracts for the purchase of 80 BMW vehicles used during CHOGM in November 2007.
It is coming to a year now and I do not want her to live with me anymore because I have no intentions of co-habiting.
Uganda has signed an agreement establishing diplomatic relations with the Government of Laos.
Bring chicken broth to a boil in a 2 quart or larger sauce pan and stir in the couscous.
A new hair style in Town.
Six Presidential candidates have been cleared by the Electoral Commission for nomination due at the Mandela National Stadium Namboole Monday, Oct.
let the rich explain their riches or richness.
his submission seemed to hold a lot water in it.
The top Police officers accused of ✍️uttering false academic documents include four assistant commissioners of Police and senior superintendents of Police.
Nine residents have been arrested in Jinja after being found using illegally connected electricity in a joint operation involving Umeme officials and the police.
Subscribe for a complete digital copy.
Government to enact law to regulate the real estate sector.
How about walking in the lake?
They would rather serve in a foreign land or rear ducks in the village!
"I do not believe the Congress of the United States will turn its back on this moment.
“Your appointment is a clear manifestation of the confidence the appointing authority has in each of you, because of your dedication to work and leadership skills.
#Breakingnews: UN authorises military action by African and French forces in Central African Republic "to protect civilians".
How many gov't schools in various parts of the country are equal to bridge talk of amuria,kotido whats ur say!
📲 Access the electronic version of the paper here 👉🏽.
#Eidmubarak to all the Muslims out there.
I have tried to talk him out of the relationship, but he says he has never felt this way about anyone.
I wanted to say that a beggar is no chooser.
#Bgexpo2018 FASHION SHOW; MERAP showcases their dress collection and you can find them in Stall No.
In a hospital in Nairobi, he is breathing through devices like nebulizers, inhalers and on blood thinners.
A goat takes a leap from one cart to another as a vendor watches at a wholesale vegetable market in the old quarters of Delhi, India February 19, 2015.
Arefugees must go back to their home countries.
What happened to the cameras we spent billions of shillings on?
The New Vision is with Peter Tommy Mafabi and Alonso Ssebwana Emma.
The more tickets you buy, the greater your chances of winning so get your family & friends to join in.
Commonly known as Fatboy, radio personality James Onen recounts how he joined radio and his controversial stances on marriage and atheism, among others.
Therefore, do not do onto others what you don’t want to be done onto you,” Besigye, clad in a navy jacket and white shirt with a spotted blue necktie said to thunderous clapping.
Although oil could deliver us there faster, it is a finite resource that can easily leave a huge environmental cost, oil waste being just one example.
With this approval, the three marathoners decided it was needless for them to check the entire course ahead of today’s race.
these pics were taken in her bed room and by her then boyfriend just for fun like any well built woman.
Kansiime is hilarious but on Mini Buzz she was a dead end 2 me.
Bleach until you become white, if he doesn't notice the qualities of a wife in you, he will leave you.
The National Resistance Movement’s party secretary General Justine Kasule Lumumba has asked the 103 Muslim pilgrims who will travel to Mecca this Saturday to pray for Uganda and the leaders at different levels.
Alalo, who was working with AMISOM as the Acting Police Commissioner was on her way to Mogadishu, Somalia from Italy.
Read his profile here👉.
23 percent of the vote behind incumbent Paul Biya, posted the appeal online in a video late on Friday.
"We'Ll do everything we can to win the remaining four games.
The initiative is geared towards creating awareness on climate change and how we can all take part in creating solutions.
I have a problem with the fact the EC is managed by the people we are competing with.
No suicide note or other indication that he planned to take his own life was found at the scene, it said.
Update: PM Rugunda has set up a task force led by Defence Min.
The Uganda Nursing and Midwives Council (UNMC),a body which oversees nurses and midwives in Uganda, has refused toregister over 1,000 graduates of nursing to operate in Uganda.
Traffic UPDATE; It's bumper to bumper in Bugoloobi.
A battalion of the #Somali National Armed Forces parade near #Mogadishu seaport.
Nobody was caught for such act and the govt become tight lipped.
Watch the recap on Bukedde TV 1 this Saturday 4th December from 2 pm to 3 pm.
Over 94,000 pregnant women are infected every year.
Check the surroundings for crocodiles.
Officers from several units and departments of the Uganda Police Force are currently attending a meeting meant to enable them air out their grievances that could be hampering their work.
Office line: 0704-022400, Mob: +256782554654, P.O Box 35551, Kampala, Uganda.
3 killed and several injured.
MUSEVENI WILL ALSO TAKE TESTS OF COMPARTIBILITY.
Mix in the baking soda and salt.
The HEROES day medals list is in The New Vision.
The hosts may have advantage in personnel, but the two sides are still tied.
He set a recommendable Precedent to Africa' s long serving tyrants.
Can'T u talk about school.
What'S your say on this topic?
Pre entry exams do not add anythg instead are obstacals 2 ones cureer coz da quiz a nt relevant 2 courses.
Eh the Church wedding is not Biblical afterall.
Any means of getting thea?
The drainage channels have not been worked on for a long time, leading to flooding every time it rains.
What is minimally invasive surgery?
A dialogue featuring CSOs and judicial officers on the issue of trafficking in persons.
Our God is a God of Excellence.
A court has sentenced a 27-year-old man to five-years in jail for defrauding the Toro queen mother, Best Kemigisha of $60,000 (approximately sh150m).
Sources told the website that Future 'wants to calm the waters' now that he's going to be spending some more time with his son.
The New Vision is with Robert Kiyosaki and 3 others.
They were still fighting in the primaries.
may God bless all fathers!
The state prosecutor, Capt.
Now as I talk, we are working together and our life changed!
The eldest daughter of George VI she ascended the British throne in 1952 and in 2015 became the longest reigning British monarch ever.
I understand why one would want to abuse her, but I am torn between ignoring those who gossip about her and attacking them or taking the words back to my wife.
The Trump administration has proposed to cut by a third the budget to the US State Department and USAID.
How soon shall we see them ferrying people to different parts of the country?
Uganda'S economy back on high growth path-Kasaija.
But this one of ours always hurt his people.
Details in today's New Vision 🗞️—.
Speaker Oulanyah warns MDAs over funding committees of Parliament.
Sh18M is up for grabs and an all expenses paid trip to Ireland.
The early morning assault targeted the College of Agriculture in the town of Gujba, some 30 kilometres (18 miles) from Damaturu's capital of Yobe, said area military spokesman Lazarus Eli.
They say it is on the rise in Uganda and is crippling the fight against HIV.
Pilgrims have started praising the Lord during the celebrations of martyrs day at Namugongo.
Usa Today says someone shot a TSA agent at a checkpoint.
why are they fighting for Indians' properties?
Photo by Malcom Webb.
Unknown arsonists have set fire on a wooden boarding school in Bundibugyo district, rendering over 600 pupils shelter less.
China is set to start construction work on a $350 million toll road from Entebbe Airport to the capital Kampala in July in a bid to reduce congestion on the existing road, officials said today: http://ow.
Yes, it's about time Lukwago left our city.
Both The Gov'ts Knows What Is Going On!
nagging keeps us away by trying to come back home when they're atleast a sleep & with breakfast we rearely get it at home!
Era bagenda kugakyusa nga nga bwebagala ku mundu !
Proactively engage your manager in a discussion about your career goals, and collaborate to create a career development plan.
u'v just joined d political journey.
Its almost a year since you departed from us.
One of the three people convicted for the June 2010 kidnap and murder of 18-month-old baby boy, Kham Kakama, has appealed to the Court of Appeal in Kampala in protest against the 100-year sentence.
Do you think they can win the Champions League?
The club released a statement detailing the new changes; not least the ending of the partnership with sponsors TigerHead batteries.
Seek help with patient perseverance and prayer, for God, is with those who patiently persevere.
She told mourners that the pain she is going through how she came back to Uganda to baptize her twins not to bury her fiancé.
The voter turn-out in Gulu for the National Resistance Movement seems to be low, with officials expressing concern over late-coming.
Find out the solution he had provided in New Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Kabikire Deus, 20, Jumps to Death in Kampala.
Wer is de skills?
The celebrations are slated to start later in the day at exactly 3.
As we speak drones are picking up youths to unknown destinations.
National Water and Sewerage Coperation (NWSC) officials visit Bakateyamba Home of elderly and the disabled in Nalukolongo in Rubaga Division.
Simmer, stirring occasionally, until mixture is very thick, about 1 1/2 hours.
Even the hosp has to pay it's workers.
Uganda could benefit from a UN pilot project where parents would receive cash incentives to keep children in school.
Government has so far returned sh38b to donors following the financial scam in the Office of the Prime Minister (OPM), Parliament has heard.
Pioneer Easy buses resume operations next week in some parts of the Kampala city.
Detailed story in the New Vision.
Find this pull out in The New Vision.
Are there guide to diploma courses?
Icym: Wizkid touched down at Entebbe Airport early this morning.
African union is enough, why UN forces?
This doesn't make sense to me,it's like saying a naturally gifted genius should take medication to slow his/her IQ because it gives them an outright advantage compared to other students.
Maybe the answer is.
Get yourself a copy 👉 #EPAPER: http://is.
we wish you the best.
Ladies, why dont you like using female condoms?
Dr Congo health officials said on Monday that they were “keeping fingers crossed” to declare a deadly 19-month Ebola epidemic over.
The High Court has cleared the energy ministry to enforce the new establishment and management of the Rural Electrification Agency (REA) instrument, which scraps the current board and the position of executive director.
Igg pursues Byandala over Katosi road scam.
Have a great start to your week!
Today the moon will move together with the Sun and is completely invisible, tomorrow it will be new moon which will be clearly visible on Friday.
#Ugandaat59 | Did you know?
I am fed up of her behaviour.
He want to taste royal icing he is fade up with foundation cake.
Uganda has today received more 100,000 doses of COVID-19 vaccine donated by India.
Watch below 👇🏽 a sneak peek of some of the stories in today's New Vision (December 29, 2021).
The money for paying their terminal benefits is ready.
•He will be responsible for providing intelligence on planned criminal acts and military Police in the event of civil disobedience, as well as route security.
She'S even beautiful with a beautiful heart.
Family photo of the South African Members of Parliament outside the #NationalAssembly, Cape Town.
Where do we find these quotes ?
Solution:Say No To Early Pregnancies And Early Marriages.
The New Vision is with Patrick Bwango and 6 others.
Researchers at Makerere University want government to reform Uganda’s internationally applauded open door policy to mitigate the growing conflicts between the host communities and refugees.
5b was spent on a series of activities to mark Uganda’s Golden Jubilee.
Mafabi is the one who is well known all over Uganda?
The New Vision added 3 new photos.
61, the highest in the world, while for men it was 80.
The Uganda Cranes played very well but in soccer luck is part of the game".
The ministry of Works and Transport has earmarked sh33.
They thought can do wonders like arsenal ?
Newly elected Uganda Rowing Association (URA) president Hamza Kahwa has vowed to revive the sport that has been on its ‘death bed’ for the last couple of years.
The police will release them, they are also poor looking for money from the public.
South Africa which is the leading economy in Africa scrapped all these Long time ago.
Kcb doesn't grant wthraws to ghost officials and fordged signiture.
In case you didn't see it, this is how Ross Barkley celebrated his goal a little while ago.
Even after being 'voted out of office' by the majority on the university council recently, he still remains in office, but only on the loose end.
Henceforth, do you know that if you are a civilian, wearing the red berets, the black jungle boots and other assortment of other attire constitutes a serious criminal offence?
2 billion Roman Catholics.
The New Vision is with Dan Evidence Kagoro and 3 others.
Go ahead, but you won't divert any one.
Marking bus lines when water is still floating on all streets in Kampala.
Thierry Henry says that people won't appreciate Wenger until he’s gone from #Arsenal.
Listen to how the public and domestic hand strategy has helped the President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni.
The money which they borrowed is finished,They wanna borrow more.
I am a 26 year old muganda woman battling with my feelings.
But he has already realeased 3 cash vanz to state house ahead of the Nrm CEC meeting!
These challenges increase the cost of production and make it very expensive to produce in Uganda despite having cheap labor.
There are things government needs to focus on in order to improve on the standard of living.
According to Mohammed Sadiq, an eyewitness, they saw their dormitory already in flames and made an alarm that saw good Samaritans and school management come to their rescue.
Us President Barack Obama has said he will take several days to decide what action to take over Iraq, but insisted that no US troops will be deployed.
N colleges so they can attract s.africans, whites,, not only poor Indians.
4%),” according to the study: http://goo.
"Nancy Reagan once wrote that nothing could prepare you for living in the White House," the Obamas wrote in a joint statement on Sunday.
Let'S hear some of your feedback on wives and houseboys.
Its useless to tell ugandans what is going to benefit the initiators.
Never compromise the security of your farm.
The last person on your mind before you close your eyes at night is either the reason for your happiness or pain.
#Wuliraeddoboozi: "Omubiri gwange kya kulya ddala, n'omusaayi gwange kya kunywa ddala.
The New Vision added 3 new photos — in Mbarara.
Kampala in style during Rain season.
Mumbere has been charged with terrorism and remanded again.
Panic as Tororo sub-county councillor tests positive for COVID 19.
Based in Mengo, Malaika has so far provided emergency short-term care to over 130 babies.
Look at the number of true leaves The temeperature of the soil is very very crucial Raising plants from seeds can be a rewarding and exciting way to add new varieties to your garden.
I grew rice, cotton for sale to raise fees, and millet and cassava for food.
After the recent swearing in ceremony of President Yoweri Museveni's newly appointed ministers, Ugandans thought it was time for the new team to work.
Find out who will take Uganda's penalities http://j.
Energy Minister Irene Muloni shows off "Akakima" strokes during the warm up for #CorruptionFreeUganda walk.
You begin the learning process as you listen to the lecture".
Museveni'S lawyer, Counsel Joseph Matsiko, carries on with his submission.
Let rivers of joy and happiness fill every moment of this day.
European companies now have the opportunity to settle trading accounts in Chinese Yuan.
The New Vision is with Kachuol Wuor and Ssekitooleko Emmanuel.
Conference of Rotary in Masaka a few years ago.
Here is more information on who issues an e-invoice or e-receipt.
That's the Behaviours Of the ARMY & POLICE in UGANDA.
Why didn’t he build the hospital.
Toto MAGAZINE IS OUT!
Here'S your Thursday package of New Vision.
Register using the link: www.
New Vision brings to you the full story.
Were PEOPLE SACRIFICED ON TUWEEREZA TYCOON'S FARM?
#Urbanupdates: Police has started operations to disperse people gathering along shops in Kampala increasing the risk of spreading coronavirus.
The #HarvestMoneyWebsite will be the first of its kind in the country.
Launching a government programme of counselling and testing, he said he had decided to reveal his status so as to promote openness about Aids:.
They promise them marriage,take them abroad on top of getting them jobs.
Government has procured ten ambulances worth Sh2b to provide emergency response activities along major highways across the country.
Who told that we like it?
No it wasn't good you would have prepared them however time you would take .
China, even the covid you sent us is fake, not the type you sent to Europe and America.
The program officer Action Aid Uganda for Kumi and Bukedea districts David Asubu says that transparency and accountability are key in the ongoing Covid-19 vaccination.
Democrats say they had "no choice" but to formally charge the 73-year-old Republican, whose impeachment along stark party lines places an indelible stain on his record.
Did You know that left handed people are celebrated worldwide?
God protects his people, i much wanted to board that bus but due to overwhelming travellers, i missed the ticket!
Remember the procurement of the junk helicopter some years back under Salim Saleh ?
-Also read about the Hoima Airport contractor and more stories in your free pull out.
Cranimer Mugerwa award is back!
Fdc leader Dr Kizza Besigye wants court to stop Police deployment on his property in Kasangati, Wakiso district.
51 feared dead and injuring 7.
Do you want to refine your business model?
‘Fireworks has been cancelled due to uncertainties caused by COVID-19.
Others are Dorothy Kyomuhendo, and local musician David Mukalazi.
President Yoweri Museveni is expected to address the people of Busoga in Jinja district about the contentious issue of sugarcane growing.
You wont hear many say that about the Royal Wedding will you?
When it comes to nutrients, the total amount of them is not the only thing that matters.
The gun is faster.
Fresh from King’s College, Budo, he ditched a bachelor’s degree in economics at Kyambogo University for a Certificate in Automotive and Power Engineering at Nakawa Vocational Training Institute.
Getting a genuine one is tricky in Uganda here.
For #EPAPER click - (link:.
All the three popes who have visited Africa have visited Uganda.
In actual sense there shldnt be a min tht pssprts are nt available .
Two very good opening Group A matches at 2015 Africa Cup of nations #EqGuinea 1-1 #Congo and #Gabon 2-0 #BFaso - There, football has started!
Religious leaders call for a referendum on the age limit and term limit for a president.
5 trillion) loan to tackle COVID-19 and its impacts.
Makerere lecturer cited in Dad's eviction.
5 million loyalists though not enough to deter certainity of change.
The East African parliament #EALA adopts a report recommending the impeachment of Speaker Margaret #Zziwa of Uganda.
It’s none of our business whether NRM disciplines him or not.
The New Vision is with Kayihura Norman.
470 hectares of wetlands restored in a year- Report.
The only way Pader can catch up with the rest of the Country.
The Attorney General, Kiryowa Kiwanuka, has asked the International Criminal Court (ICC) to address the issue of bias in prosecuting cases.
what about those who face adverse effects?
I consider myself an accurate medium, meaning that I seek to validate the Spirit connection before passing along messages and a modern psychic, meaning that I look into variables and channel probability, so I can tell you what is most likely to tell you what is been happening in your past and what is in the future, but also about things that can be done to alter your outcome.
Trump's stealth digital campaign, thrown together hastily in the final months of the campaign, allowed the Republican billionaire to fine-tune his message and reach voters in crucial Rust Belt states that gave him an Electoral College majority.
For me if I lose the first time, I cannot lose the second time and if I lose the second time I just give up.
Today's highly competitive job market dictates that individuals who want to put themselves in a position to win that new job must now have an in-depth understanding of the company they are about to meet with.
The deployment follows reports from local authorities that as many as 79 people have been killed and a further 101 injured in a series of communal clashes and revenge attacks between the Gak and Manuer communities.
It has been confirmed, the 2014 PLE results will be released today (Thursday) at the ministry of Education offices in Kampala.
4% adults (18-59) and 4.
A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step," Lao Tzu.
Our Master Jesus Christ never took his 11 to school but it's their effectiveness after He left that shook the Pharisees and their religious deadness to the point of asking "where did these unschooled get such power"?
-The Bible says that what comes from outside is not so dangerous like what comes from the inside.
Pastor Robert Kayanja showcases his hidden talent, modelling.
Time to Mr Veteran!
Alex and Rhita have just won themselves an all expenses paid wedding worth UGX80M.
Nasa releases new panoramic pictures as rover prepares to explore Martian landscape for first time.
The Cranes meet Sudan in the last round qualifier of the African Nations championships at Nakivubo stadium on Saturday.
Everything happen with a reason in this photo,The rest have limited two term and nothing to hide in there hands check age difference!
he has gone to Kenya to wait for grading election.
New vision, you are using bobi to increase your sales yet you never give right information.
But I worry Soo much leaving her home with a maid I never trust them one bit.
However, let justice prevail and men please learn how to chemically react.
The form four student, Lual Nyok, 22, a Dinka, on Saturday night sneaked into the school in Mukono which borders a wetland, and stabbed Brian Rukundo, 18, while other students were attending night prep.
Kuluthum Nabunya, Muzaata’s second wife and Amina Bugirita, the first wife, are fighting over ownership of the late Muzaata’s house at Kate Falaawo zone, in Kawempe, Kampala.
Patrick Karegeya, former head of Rwanda's external intelligence service, has been found strangled in a hotel in Johannesburg.
Just to take you back a little bit.
Buganda is always a leading exemplary Kingdom.
Who will win this season?
Willy Kitatta settled for second place with 288 strokes.
Senegal international Djilobodji, on loan from Chelsea, made the gesture towards Mainzwinger Pablo de Blasis.
Shepard One is here.
With a meagre salary of sh1,200, Kyansanku, then a graduate secondary school teacher at Gombe SSS in the early 1980s, scoured villages for produce which he sold to the school.
Usually the country he is visiting offers him a plane to the next destination.
There is always that special person in our lives that we consider OUR HERO.
Muntu’S campaign manager Francis Epatait, who is also the Ngora County MP, confirmed that the party president raised the matter during the meeting.
Has his subjections so UTL.
Superb timing of click.
Watch full bulletin here:.
Ma sha Allah, u people r living ny dream.
#Crimewatch:David De Gea allegations: Spain goalkeeper 'organised party at which woman was sexually assaulted.
Wat did u expect?
it was aplan to deny Ugn elite jobles Drs to go to acertain.
The amount is three and a half times what Uganda expects in general budget support from donors this financial year.
Cake Angel Ltd: For all high quality cake deco, flavors and supplies, WE GOT YOU.
Naye wano u have to pay insane amounts; mbu w'egula!
This is the first critical edition to use the serial text of 1837-9, presenting Oliver Twist as it appeared to its earliest readers.
Banyankole will very soon rule in the US.
The New Vision is with Ricardo John Munyegera.
This is marvelous,” shouted Patrick Igella working with AVIS elector centre in Soroti town.
#Sports: Wayne Rooney will miss Manchester United match with Sunderland after picking up a fresh injury.
I’m tired of these games, they should stop.
Is he trying to say that they are not welcome to the opposition?
The New Vision is with Niyitegeka Damas.
Emin Baro, who was convicted of sexually molesting underage girls, has been remanded to Masaka Central Prison pending the hearing of a new case of aggravated defilement on November 1.
Other memorable Martyrs Days mentioned were in 2015 when the Catholic Shrine was refurbished and in 2015, 1991, and 1969 when Namugongo hosted the popes.
A driver of a Global Coaches bus has been arrested for causing the death of one of his passengers due to what police called reckless driving.
A 26-year-old South African woman has been arrested at Entebbe International Airport in possession of 3.
That'S a great idea.
Kauma asks Ssebagala; "All-haji, how do u arrive at figure of Ush8 billion revenue from this ringtone?
Now its for God and my stomach.
Emadeldin Elsayed, 23, has not been charged with a crime but authorities are trying to remove him from the country, his attorney, Hani Bushra, said.
thts why the west made us fight against our selfs just so we could get rid of socialism and go with democracy.
Cereal farmers have reason to smile after a sh195b market opportunity opened in Uganda.
Our twins from Mbale, Namusilo Kosedi Edith and Namono Sara taking us all the way to Eastern Uganda for a kadodi session.
Ms Carla Benin, Counselor Political & Economic Affairs US embassy addressing #RDCs, #CAOs and DISOs.
We have been window shopping for her gown together but lately I feel too jealousy to take part in the preparation.
For how long is she going to live in the shadow of her family?
Hell no am n't gona rewrite the sentece.
Universities start scholarships for the disabled.
Randomly, Kisoro district was chosen as the place of study.
don't steal from NGO 'cos NGOs are huge or karma for stealing is bigger.
Universities have been a focus for unrest in recent months over issues including rising tuition fees, allegations of racism and a dispute over the use of the Afrikaans language.
He lived a fruitful 93-years on this earth.
The Yahoo Mail sign-in process called Account Key allows the option of having a message sent to a user's smartphone asking for confirmation that access should be granted online.
Nothing will come out of dat dialogue.
A 40-year-old man in Mayuge district has been expelled from his ‘Baise Magumba’ clan over incest after he married his 25-year-old niece.
Authorities arrested Sunday Mail editor Mabasa Sasa, the paper's investigations editor Brian Chitemba and reporter Tinashe Farawo late Monday.
Live: Vision Group today hosts five young entrepreneurs from the East African region who will speak at the company’s 6th Pakasa Forum to be held at Kampala Parents School.
Institute a rule that when you get off work, the first thing you talk about is the best thing that happened to each of you that day.
According to the UNBS, there are lots of substandard goods on the local market.
Get a free copy of BEAT in New Vision for MORE #EPAPER-https://epaper.
4 new cases were confirmed from result samples tested on May 19.
Dat z agud idea afande, carry on.
The New Vision is with Paul Jemba and Bravo David Rubahamya.
Tumukunde sues govt over arrests, details in the New Vision.
Aganyira Deodati transformed St Mary’s College Kisubi (SMACK).
Sam K. Kutesa is neither the source, nor the author of these messages and the Facebook account purportedly in his name is a poor attempt at impersonation.
Great picture as #German's Jerome Boateng battles with half-brother #Ghana's Kevin Prince.
After his removal, people took to the streets to protest, chanting the slogan: NO LULE, NO WORK.
Erisa Sekisambu scored in the 43rd minute to propel his side from fourth to second place with 34 points, four short of the leaders with a game in hand.
The chairperson of MUASA, Deus Kamunyu Muhwezi, has confirmed their readiness to negotiate with government on their salary enhancement.
Peace, security and development in the Great Lakes Region are very important issues not only for Uganda and countries in the region but also various stakeholders.
All Police officers to get mental checkup.
All IS SET AND STAMPED .
#Urbancrossfire: What is the future of National Unity Platform after vetting candidates?
'Increasing oxygen supply to all COVID-19 treatment health facilities and optimize the available care capacity so that it can adequately handle current and new cases over the next 42 days' - President Yoweri Museveni bit.
Karugaba is suing the company together with one of its director Anatoli Kamugisha in his personal capacity for fraudulently participating in the taking of his money for a land transaction that he knew would not materialize.
The three politicians identified in a letter from the US ambassador to Nigeria have denied the accusations.
Happening NOW: The New Vision is marking 30 years of existence with an Ecumenical Thanks Giving Service led by Bishop Edward Muhima at the head office in Kampala.
So make a plan with each other.
We bring you a story on how Morvi’s 1,200 acres of nuts will earn him cash for a lifetime.
Kassanda leaders stumped by councillor’s mysterious death.
The Universal Channel apologised for flighting the obituary last night.
It'S getting so congested along various routes to the city centre.
According to the Acting District Health Officer (DHO) Kasese Dr. Yusuf Baseka, Ogwang presented himself as the son of Kasese RDC Milton Odongo and claimed he was a clinical officer studying at a university in India.
President Museveni and wife; Janat, return from Japan.
Problems of Kenya are not a legal issue they are ideological.
Most impressive is your determination to succeed and the hard work that entails to become the best :for that ,we congratulate you.
Moses Ogwalo, her husband, said Nambajjwe was waylaid in the taxi and sedated with what they suspected was chloroform.
The gift of kindness may start as a small ripple that over time can turn into a tidal wave affecting the lives of many”.
This was in reaction to recent media reports alleging that there was a plan to bring criminal charges such as rape and illegal possession of firearms against religious leaders who are critical of government.
“The pigs will be sold off tomorrow (Monday) so we are call upon all those that are interested in buying them to come and buy,” said Namaye.
Digital economy: Seated at table or part of menu?
Its our money dat u 've denied us.
90' ⚽️ WHO WILL STOP LIVERPOOL THIS SEASON?
The risk-off mood, fanned by a decline on Monday in crude oil prices, weighed especially on the Indonesian rupiah and the Malaysian ringgit.
On 06 March 1957, the Gold Coast (now known as Ghana) gained independence from Britain.
"We will have no choice but to attack our opponents like wounded lions because Uganda needs a win to qualify for the next round.
Jackson Thembo Nzerebende, the Church of Uganda Bishop for South Rwenzori Diocese led a service during the funeral of a renowned native medicine man.
Am I not a Zimbabwean"?
Now in Sunday Vision this weekend, don't miss the captivating profiles of our 2016 Top 40 under 40 inspiring Men.
The New Vision added 7 new photos — with Ntalo Abudhin and 4 others.
This compelled me to be there for my children".
Fifa shelved a proposed expansion of the 2022 World Cup in Qatar to 48 teams on Wednesday, dealing a blow to the world football body's president Gianni Infantino.
Comes into us at midnight very clean.
'Travel permits do not travel across districts.
Free from who and what?
Prime Minister Boris Johnson is set Monday to start unwinding England's third and -- he hopes -- final coronavirus lockdown, as a quickening UK-wide inoculation drive relieves pressure on hard-hit hospitals.
Charlse Nsubuga, the managing director of SESACO Limited, the manufacturers of various Soy products says that people who are lactose intolerant have another option.
Contractors with a history of poor performance shall not have fresh projects, Uganda National Roads Authority (UNRA) executive director, Allen Kagina, has said.
Parties agree on the issues in the age limit case.
Things which anyone in power for 5 years can afford to do.
what are your Reasons?
YOU ARE THE COUNTRY'S MOST powerful, important, principled, honest, honorable and faithful leader of Uganda.
This ka nssf boss thinks he's cool.
What do you think of a Manchester performance without Rooney?
The army court has released on bail former Babulo West MP Tonny Nsubuga Kipoi and six Uganda Peoples Defence Forces (UPDF) soldiers, accused of plotting to overthrow government.
Prisons authorities state that the majority of these women end up doing wrong as they defend themselves.
This storied building collapsed at Old Kira Road near Kadic Hospital along the Ntinda Bukoto Highway.
Muslims are to celebrate Eid tomorrow.
Pastor Robert Kayanja of Rubaga Miracle Centre can sing?
What inspired him to great success given that he started small?
Just IN: Presidential hopeful Charles Bbaale's nomination flops after the Electoral Commission rejected the cheque he presented.
Now, why is Kaddu's case among those delaying in court?
its the rival former aspirant known as Toolit someone who filed the case, reliable sources including complinant indicates that Oulanya was dicleared a winner without any aproppriate figures.
Now really how can someone win a trip to Kampala.
No goals yet tonight though.
All changes are protested first.
The Rwanda National Police (RNP) this morning in Nyarutarama, Gasabo District arrested a Ugandan fugitive Shanita Namuyimba aka "Bad Black" on suspicion of drug dealing and money laundering.
With less than 48 hours to Christmas, It's now survival for the fittest to get a sit on a bus.
Buy and read today's paper online here.
We wanted a good law; the Government wanted a bad law.
We Ugandanz Also Need Machine- Readable Identification Cards.
Aston Villa manager Steven Gerrard says he has 'constant paranoia' over the medical status of his players after the spiralling coronavirus crisis forced a glut of Premier League postponements.
#Entertainment: Oscar-winning actress Lupita Nyong'o has been cast in the upcoming Star Wars: Episode VII.
The 30-year-old striker, who also captains Manchester United, has been England's skipper for the past two years.
True story about shaka.
The New Vision is with Kibuuka Mulondo.
The New Vision is with Moses Bwire and 31 others.
He noted that although the resurgence of the Covid-19 variant has clouded the near-term outlook, the economic growth momentum is still expected to improve.
Manufacture don't assemble please.
Get yourself a copy 🗞️—.
4,786 billion per annum.
The Omar brothers Waleed and Wazir are confident they will make it to the podium in the second round of the Mountain Dew National Motocross Championship on Easter Sunday at the Uganda Motorsport Arena in Busiika.
Cranes officials, who were waiting for the medical report at Kampala Hospital said that the player's immediate return to the posts was 'doubtful'.
Wama thanks to UGANDA and EA Security Service MEN and WOMEN.
The Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) has run into trouble with one of its principal donors.
Uganda National Roads Authority (UNRA) Executive Director, Allen Kagina, on Thursday morning addressed the outgoing staff on career transition process.
People should save and access their savings when they want.
Lions Clubs has installed its presidents for the term 2014/2015.
President Robert Mugabe's government faces a cash shortage that has fuelled recent street protests and forced the treasury to print its own US dollar "bond notes" from next month.
This africa if it was europe the truth would have come true.
Just IN: Chaotic scenes ensued this afternoon at Dr Stella Nyanzi’s sentencing when she destroyed video link equipment, poured water on prison warders and undressed.
Being tall is linked to a higher risk of cancer, especially for women, according to research drawn from physical and health data for five million people in Sweden.
There are factors beyond the country’s control.
We bring you the full story in the New Vision #EPAPER -https://vpg.
Who needs a win the most?
Children are telling us, loud and clear; It is time for every child, to have every right".
On the complaint of the national voters' register was compiled illegally and the old one's retiring being illegal, lawyer Kiwanuka Kiryowa refers to the Uganda Constitution, reading that according to Article 61(1a), one of the functions of the Electoral Commission is "to ensure that free and regular elections are held".
The Police Field Force Unit (FFU) commander in charge of Bukedi sector, Sam Omalla, on Thursday knocked dead a six year old girl in Tororo.
Where Is The Other 60 Bodies?
Therefore, she is unpopular among my circles.
Find more of this story in today's New Vision.
[Sponsored]: Karibu, Mujjebale, Mwebale Kwijja, Apoyobino, Tusangire.
“As we prepare to celebrate a 50 years of Uganda Martyrs, the congress will also kick start the preparation for the Golden Jubilee of the Martyrs canonization and continuation of evangelism in Uganda,” Ssemusu said.
This is the second week package 👇🏿, access the e-paper 🗞️ — http://epapers.
With the loss, Nepal hope to qualify for the next round ended.
Mukesh B Shukla started out humbly in business in 1984 running Shumuk Enterprises, a commodities retail business in Kikuubo, after school.
How about exporting to Europe, US, the Arab world and China?
My guess ,she has resigned to join Al Qaeda.
Who is fooling who.
#Egypt: Empty polling stations in BorgElarab,#Alexandria on a general election day that Field Marshall Sissi is expected to win.
Read today's Sunday Vision for the story.
The New Vision added 56 new photos.
It's a sad moment for the world and you are just on a luxurious humanity bog down?
Iso probes police over Masaka panga gang.
Uganda basketball champions KCCA Leopards (women) and City Oilers (men) will qualify for the semi-finals of the FIBA Africa Zone V Championship if, as expected, they maintain their unbeaten runs in today’s round of action at the Kigali tournament.
But its like the  government has forgetn the power of BUNYORI .
This day last year the President of Uganda Kaguta Museveni appointed then AIGP Okoth Ochola as the Inspector General of Police replacing Gen.
President Yoweri Museveni calls Team Uganda Chef De Mission Denis Galabuzi, wants to talk to Kiprotich.
Find out how 100,000 Ugandans survived being infected with HIV.
How did AIDS get into the Karamojongo communities ?
Namansa was accused of sneaking the suggestion on the agenda paper, yet the meeting was only meant to pass the 2020/2021 budget.
Aruu County MP Samuel Odonga Otto is embroiled in a court battle with the mother of his first two children, who is accusing him of swearing an affidavit in a bid to adopt them.
If needed, finish off by steaming.
A Survey of 10 radio stations has shown that NRM’s presidential candidate Yoweri Museveni gets more coverage than his opponents.
One of the two people, who were admitted on Monday with signs of the deadly Marburg fever, has died.
Visit our #EPAPER :.
Her son, who was born with multiple limbs and two scrota, has undergone surgery successfully at Mulago Hospital in Kampala.
A section of political leaders are asking the Government to upgrade Wakiso district to a city status.
They import it from outside Africa yet it may be in production just across the border.
The trial of former National Forest Authority (NFA) boss Damian Akankwasa flopped on Tuesday at the Anti-corruption Court because he was reported sick.
I fear that he will tell my mother in law.
The New Vision is with Aine Nyeusi and Stephen Okello.
⚡️ - the Reds would be 2-0 up if Firmino had been more precise.
The New Vision is with Wiley Wiley and Kakule Peter.
Get your copy to find out why they raided the mosque.
Thousands on Saturday thronged Uganda Martyrs Shrine at Namugongo in Kampala to witness 77 couples exchange vows in a mass wedding organized by the Archbishop of Kampala Dr. Cyprian Kizito Lwanga.
🎓🕺🏽💃🏽 Now this is how you celebrate academic success!
The reconstruction of “Muzibu Azaala Mpanga” the main building and site housing the tombs of the four late Buganda Kings has kicked off.
#Totofest2017 just gets on another level!
As COVID-19 infections continue to rise across the country, the Ministry of Finance, Planning and Economic Development has asked all drivers to stay home.
First by deploying red and yellow mambas , as they wait for our next step.
Kabaka Ronald Muwenda Mutebi has expressed dismay over the local government ministry refusal to return Buganda county headquarters to his chiefs.
Update: Police apologise for misinforming the public that Annet Kaweesi had given birth to a bouncing baby boy.
Physiotherapy is one of the best ways to manage COVID-19.
At 73 years, the newly appointed State Minister for Regional Cooperation, Philemon Mateke, says he is hungrier for work than money.
I want to thank whoever voted for me.
Will it not also affect URA?
Examinations will start January 30 and end on February 19 2017.
These appear opening remarks;!
What religious fanaticism can do.
If you look really closely, most overnight successes took a long time.
New Vision’s ‘My Holiday Companion’ has been customised, to meet the reading needs of holidaymakers.
The New Vision is with Denis Oyogo and Ikiy Martha Fambe.
Ronaldhino my man what went wrong?
Apologies for the page earlier posted.
The image prompted hysterical scenes from bereaved.
He says companies which have not complied shall be closed and proprietors shall be prosecuted.
This also helps your manager share your work with leadership who you might not interact with you on a regular basis.
President Yoweri Museveni has hailed Pope Francis for appointing Monsignor Vincent Kirabo as the new Bishop of Hoima Diocese.
YU didn't know ?
God, also remind people to follow the SOPs.
Singer Rowland Kaiza, aka Big Tril, has said he has not slept for a while now after Africa’s biggest artistes — Wizkid, Davido, Olamide, and Zlatan, endorsed his song Parte after parte, through tweets.
Besigye, who is currently under police surveillance at his residence in Kasangati, has contested the elections, describing them as ‘fraudulent’.
This must have hurt like hell.
The ruling ZANU-PF party hosted the event for Mugabe, who has held power since 1980 during a reign marked by repression of dissent, vote-rigging and the country's economic collapse.
The Five-hundred-metre Aperture Spherical Radio Telescope (FAST), nestled between hills in the mountainous region of Guizhou, began working around noon, the official Xinhua news agency reported.
I don't know if its illegal to hate but I hate this UCC man.
What do you think Prof?
One of the issues in the Sugar Bill was zoning and MPs overwhelmingly voted against it, what is your take on this?
There was a joyful mood after the arrival of Orthodox supreme leader, His Beatitude Pope Theodore II, the Patriarch of Alexandria and all Africa.
The easiest way would be to send everybody implicated on forced leave as investigations take course.
A Big Thank You for all the support.
Preaching hate is not good for this country, we need to pray for those who suffer the pains coz it's a test and taste of life.
u download stuff from google.
The survey was conducted by a local non-governmental organisation the Programme for Accessible Health Communication and Education (PACE).
More than half suggested that I eat boiled cow hoofs, also locally known as mulokony, or kigere.
The parents of Kanjuki Secondary School in Kayunga district have hired traditional healers to chase away ‘demons’ that attack students in the school.
Reduce heat to low.
Is this a fair sentence for such a crime?
This time, Marseille winger Andre Ayew has plenty of space on the left but his low cross is disappointing.
Mother Teresa pray for my son who is about to have a throat surgery.
The Government has been dragged to the East African Court of Justice over allegations that its security agencies infringed on human rights and contravened the Constitution during the recent walk-to-work protests.
The twin sons of Ronald Kibuule laid to rest in Mukono beside the state minister's late brother Joshua Wasswa and late mother Nnaalongo Grace Nagutta.
The Liberian national football team jets in today ahead of Saturday’s World Cup qualifier against Uganda at Namboole.
First Lady calls for communal child care-https://vpg.
Other board members are Geoffrey Andama, Francis Nagimesi, Biwaga Stella Marie, Grace Tubwita, Eng.
What do u think.
The New Vision added 25 new photos.
She is ugly anyway.
Vision Group's CEO takes a selfie with the #Pakasa3 panelists.
Our writer had a chat with him and here are the excerpts.
The deceased were identified as Perez Mukowe, 35, and 60-year old Paul Mukasa residents of Kasende and UCB zones respectively in Bukoto.
5b in New Vision #EPAPER- https://epaper.
I just found out that my wife of 13 years is cheating on me with a colleague from her workplace.
9 trillion to sh4.
The night attacks on Super Model Primary School in the heart of Bundibugyo town also left one pupil dead and scores of others injured in the stampede that ensued as the young ones fled for their dear lives.
Kwegamba prince Charles has been chewing her mother queen  Elizabeth.
A study carried out last month by the Stanford Graduate School of Business and the University of Chicago’s Booth School of Business discovered that it is not great ideas or dreams that are leading many people down the path of entrepreneurship.
Badru Kiggundu has this morning dispatched election materials to different districts countrywide ahead of the general elections on Thursday this week.
Rights activists for children with autism have expressed fear over failure by the government to support children with autism.
The Oscar nominations Monday anointed 'Mank' as this season's leader, and saved multiple nods for other widely tipped frontrunners such as 'Nomadland' and 'The Trial of the Chicago 7.
Starting April 2, to June 5, World Environment Day, in a campaign, Save Lake Victoria, New Vision, its sister paper Bukedde and some of its platforms like Bukedde TV, Urban TV and Bukedde FM will run investigative stories and commentaries highlighting the irresponsible human activities threatening the world's second largest fresh water body.
On Sunday, before he boarded his private jet back to New York to resume meetings with potential cabinet picks, he claimed he would have won the popular vote if it were not for "the millions of people who voted illegally".
Predict the number of goals.
His return to parliament comes after he lost the January 14 presidential elections, whose results he has contested.
Muntu ready for 2021 after Electoral Commission registers his party.
Public Order Law Will be Thrown Out By New Govt - Former Vice President Professor Gilbert Bukenya said.
Bayern had previously never lost at home by more than two goals in Europe as the Bavarian giants saw their dreams of reaching a fourth Champions League final in five years crushed.
The New Vision is with Mawa Aldo and Abachada Pyro.
#Ugandacranes set to thrash #Togo later today in Namboole.
Jinja authorities have unveiled a plan that will see the town redesigned and re-awakened as the major tourist hub in the country, the Mayor of Jinja Municipal Council, Mohammed Baswale Kezaala.
The Democratic Party (DP) has said that it is embarking on a plan to legally have president Yoweri Museveni take scientific tests to prove his real age.
The New Vision is with Fredrick David Lutakome and 2 others.
The government yesterday maintained that will not be a pay rise as the striking teachers are demanding until next financial year.
The truth is , that fatal accident in west Nile occurred due to God's will.
Uganda Airlines starting soon after being allocated sh1.
The Constitutional Court has scrapped the law on sedition.
Schools say vaccinating teachers will be in vain if support staff in schools are not included on the priority list of vaccination.
Find out why Parliament is coming up with such a proposal and what it means for riders.
Members of the public seeking to hold public meetings will have to notify the police within three days before they can be allowed to go on with the meetings or demonstrations.
Hon Mike Mukula, Mrs Uganda Beauty contestant winner Crsytal Newman and husband Kavulu.
Really Moses Ali should be retired let him give a chance for the young energetic men and women where is Uganda going with such people.
The two were found in possession of Malaria RDT testing kits, contraceptives, and face masks.
It has served up plenty of surprises too with lots of new names.
Covid-19: Experts warn private hospitals against profiting during crisis.
For a digital copy go to;.
Kikulukunyu dressed casually in a checkered shirt and cream trousers said he was confident of returning to Parliament.
The New Vision is with Peter Nyongesa.
Find out why 22 girls were arrested from a nursing school in Kagadi district.
Minister for Refugees Hon.
Stephen Kiprotich's prize money and donations will not be taxed after Government indicated it would bare the tax burden.
According to authorities at the hospital, the suspect identified as a 28-year-old male was admitted with symptoms similar to those of Ebola.
The witnesses who recant their testimonies are allegedly rewarded with between Sh2 and Sh3 million each, while those who resist are coerced through relatives, friends and family until they give up.
After bemoaning that Clinton didn’t talk about policy but instead engaged in “hitjobs” against him, Trump proceeded to return the favor.
Gulu University a government owned higher institution of learning has been closed following continued rioting by the students that started on Friday last week accusing the administration of failing to address their grievances.
Most toddlers aren't really into the plotlines anyway!
Following this process, the Ad-hoc Electoral Committee will formally admit and declare the candidates who are eligible for the office of FIFA President.
According to Kuloba, it has also been an encouragement to students to work hard with the hope that they can be retained as teaching assistants.
Matia Kasaija; National identification has progressed successfully with 16.
Get yourself a copy of the Saturday Vision e-paper here.
Chris Hani was the most famous African National Congress (ANC) leader after Nelson Mandela and he was also leader of the South Africa Communist Party.
Grab yourself a copy of today's New Vision EPAPER: https://is.
Charles Kazibwe, the estranged husband to former vice-president Dr. Specioza Wandira Kazibwe, has demanded the postmortem report of his daughter, Kevin Babirye Namayanja http://ow.
Shame on these two.
He was a gentleman and peace loving Ugandan.
What is your say on this proposal?
Come 2016 We Shd Vote Capable And Vocal Peole.
Ex-President Jose Eduardo dos Santos will bow out from Angolan politics which he dominated for nearly four decades when he hands leadership of the ruling party to President Joao Lourenco on Saturday.
The army rescued 50 passengers four days after they were abducted on Karuma-Pakwach road by Joseph Kony rebels.
New pieces of debris have been found in Madagascar by a man searching for parts of missing flight MH370.
Musician Kafeeero's body to be exhumed.
West Nile soccer team of Uganda has beaten Uganda Cranes 1-0 in a game that ended a while back in Arua.
Ndamira, pledging to continue supporting the noble cause for the reconstruction of the Martyrs Shrines.
Interested applicants may contact our whatsapp directly +41779836242 (THE RITZ-CARLTON HOTEL, GENEVA, SWITZERLAND, Recruitment Dept.
England midfielder Lallana will play no part against his former club due to a knee injury, while fellow new boy Lazar Markovic (ankle) is also sidelined along with defenders Jon Flanagan (knee) and Daniel Agger (calf).
Fast Ov All Iryn New That Wat She Was Doing Was Wrong May Be Its Not Her Fast Time She Servives On Both Singing&drug Traficking It Was Abad Day For Her Or Some One Yamulidemu Olukwe But That Means All Musians Servive By Drug Selling But Are Just Lucky That Anot Yet Caught Red Handed We Pray for Her.
Facebook said Tuesday is cutting more than 5,000 ad-targeting options to prevent advertisers from discriminating based on traits such as religion or race-https://goo.
Lately, he has been pushing me to introduce him to my parents but I cannot because he shares the same clan with my mother.
The difference with Africans us that we keep culture to ourselves.
n u wonder wen will it move or its quator pin was stollen by govt officers.
The judge also declined to declare that the Rome Statute is inconsistent with the Constitution as argued by the NGO.
6 hours per day glued to a TV, mobile phone, tablet or computer screen, nearly double the suggested limit of two hours,.
I am upset that my father can do such a thing.
Observing strict bio-security practices minimises the introduction of diseases onto farms, limits the spread of diseases already on farms, and reduces the risk of diseases being carried between farms.
Get New Vision for details #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Is it in order for a goat farmer to demand sh12b from the Government?
When will u take it to luwero,nrm bastion?
The shilling is likely to hold within the 3670 - 3740 range in the next few weeks as the festivities set in and eventual shilling weakening should happen closer to the month-end and into the election period.
Government has released over sh496m for free primary and secondary education programmes in Kampala city.
The Government said the coronavirus pandemic and locust invasion experienced in 2020 were some of the major drivers to the nearly 35% jump in public debt.
#Danceoffug COMING SOON to Urban Television: Hundreds of crews from ALL ACROSS #UGANDA, Only 10 Crews to enter the bootcamp!
The long arm of the law might soon be catching up with Gen.
Chelsea said it "regretted the circumstances" which led to the former first team doctor leaving the club.
Were Ssemwanga’s schools a cover for his dirty deals?
Studies have shown that children who hit usually have a role model for aggression at home.
Bite into a meal like no other on 21 Faraday Road, Bugolobi at The Athena Hotel Uganda.
See this good jajas carrying the boy.
Show me the way I should go, for to you I entrust my life.
Get the full story in the New Vision on what led to the death of the Rwenzururu king's mother.
Le mi ope wen they come back they will apply wat they hav learnt!
Give young kids a chance to find their own solutions.
"I want to say happy valentines day to my son Raymond, my daughter Gabriela, my wife Adah, my Daddy, my mum, sisters and my bro Vincent, I love you guys.
Ied infrastructure a hundred folds & tackled wasteful spending.
Get the details of the gruesome murder in today's New Vision.
The voters are contented with da current cash than 2morrow.
Kololo Airstrip was a sea of yellow early Sunday with the runners in their respective categories of 42km, 21km and 10km categories braving the morning chill behind the starting line.
Nrm’S electoral commissioner Tanga Odoi has accused security minister Henry Tumukunde of fuelling Tororo conflict.
The New Vision added 10 new photos.
Detailed article in the New Vision.
Those who belief in them there u r. Bt BBA NO.
Main opposition Republican People's Party deputy Orhan Duzgun falls down as lawmakers from his party and the ruling AK Party (R) scuffle during a debate on a legislation to boost police powers to control protests, at Parliament in Ankara, Turkey late February 19, 2015.
Princess Ann and Donald cheering their dad, wearing a white vest and blue shorts at the #VisionDads adventure experience happening at Busiika Extreme Adventures.
Dr. Alfred Driwale, the UNEPI Programme Manager has urged churches to rally the faithful to get the vaccine.
On one hand, you want to guide your employees to do great work and make smart decisions—but on the other hand, allowing them to lean on you too much can hinder their professional development.
As we repent on behalf of this land, we bless your name for our leaders & may we always remember that Uganda belongs to you.
President Yoweri Museveni has spoken out on last week’s two by-elections in Hoima and Kaabong that the NRM flag bearers won.
He should share that moment with Julius Asiimwe.
Well, your local leader at the village level will be the one to decide whether that message actually comes to your phone or not.
We still have a week to go before the entries deadline.
3b, an increase from $803m in 2017.
Can you spot this place?
Place a layer of eggplant slices in the sauce.
Why wouldn't government come out to see that each school whether government or private is catered for because covid is after everyone whether government or private.
Will UGANDA QUENCH WATER-THIRSTY OIL SECTOR?
Former Prime Minister Patrick Amama Mbabazi has applauded President Yoweri Museveni for leading in the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic in the country.
Lord your word says by your stripes we are healed.
All the processed junk foods in the diet are the biggest reason the world is fatter and sicker than ever before.
Don’t try to make them an investment for your future.
It will be Bolt's eighth appearance at the London leg - he first appeared in the former Golden League in 2005, aged 18.
Mp Ssekitoleko in trouble.
Year in review:Musicians and politics in 2016.
Anyway a few months after we both admitted we had fallen for each other and he told me he loved me.
Read the New Vision to get the details one needs to claim their benefits after waiting since 1977.
#Breaking: One of South Africa's most notorious apartheid murderer, Eugene de Kock -- dubbed "Prime Evil" -- granted parole today; Friday after 20 years in jail.
According to the Police, the boy jumped into the road to cross when the oncoming vehicle was already close, hence hitting him.
UN special envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura said fighting had "calmed down" but one breach was being investigated.
Taking the spec out of another manz eyes and you choose to remain blind!
Getting back to your work routine seamlessly, however, may not be easy at it sounds.
U folks at the paper need to calm da F down.
Hiv/Aids is more prevalent among public servants than other workers in the different sectors of the economy, according to the latest revelation by the ministry of gender, labour and social development.
The dust has finally settled over the health budget after two weeks of intense fighting between the executive and the MPs over health expenditure.
Vision Group invites applications for internship for the period of June – August 2020.
Croatia now leads by a goal.
Watch below 👇🏽 a sneak peek of some of the stories in this week's Saturday Vision (December 25, 2021).
Afande Well Be Back .
He says he will then go and contest in Museveni's constituency in Rushere.
The team from University of California, Davis says they should look and behave like normal pigs except that one organ will be composed of human cells.
Speaker of Parliament, Rebecca Kadaga, has put an end to a possibility of any lawmaker appearing before the ongoing probe into mismanagement of funds at Uganda National Roads Authority (UNRA).
30Pm - Uganda Cranes fans who are stranded in Morocco will be deported in the next two hours.
The wedding preparations are in high gear and she wants me to be her maid of honour but I do not want.
Do what is right leaders.
He loved the titles bestowed on him by dictator Museveni.
Us President Barack Obama''s gathered with members of his extended family in Nairobi Friday soon after his arrival.
Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) and the ministry of health have gazetted eight places in each of the five municipalities in Kampala as Covid-19 vaccination centres.
Caesar (Andy Serkis) and his apes are forced into a deadly conflict with an army of humans led by a ruthless colonel (Woody Harrelson).
There was drama in Mbale district as councilors turned the 2020/2021 budget meeting room into a boxing ring.
His final ball wasn't always great against the USA but that was a quality ball in towards Gyan.
were is the citizen.
African swine fever, a highly contagious viral disease, which was reported in Kabarole in June, has spread to Kyenjojo district.
Suspects were arrested from Mulimira and Kamwokya, and are currently detained at Tuba Police station.
Do we deserve even to celebrate the world's tourism day when all the forests and national game parks have been cut down ?
I strongly doubt that in her era, the challenge of absenteeism of ministers will be tolerated' - Peter Ogwang.
This brings to 34 the total number of deserters rounded up in eastern region and they will face trial at the UPDF Third Division headquarters in Bugema Barracks, Mbale district.
Opinion: Dealing with Coronavirus: how can we learn from Africa’s experience?
The District Police Commander Moroto, Jude Nasucha, confirmed the development saying they had embarked on the investigations into the matter.
The COMESA, EAC, SADC Heads of State and Governments Summit is set for 7 - 10 June 2015 in Egypt.
Did you know Uganda is the only country to have hosted all the Popes that have stepped foot on African soil.
Bananas have perennially been attacked by diseases.
Parliament is expected today afternoon to take a decision on whether President Yoweri Museveni should take over Kampala management for six months or not.
Tukwaniliza Papa, Webale Kuidaku munsi yaife uganda.
Let'S hear some of your music requests.
⚽️ Football's transfer industry grinds to a halt 👉🏽.
However, the couple dispelled the rumour in a chat with Samuel Lutwama.
Soldiers loyal to deposed #Burundi leader reportedly fighting with those loyal to army gen.
We must stand together irrspective of our political differences.
and the Struggle continues, Struggle to become better at your skills and improve your Talents for a better Tomorrow.
The pizza just comes to you.
Clashes between two Sudanese tribes in the country's east have killed at least 37 people and wounded some 200 others, medics linked to Sudan's protest movement said Monday.
Two brothers in Rakai district have been sentenced to 40 years in jail each for murdering their nephew.
This guy works so hard but with very old ideas and yet does not like to be advised.
Over 100 presidents, Kings and world leaders will be among the 80,000 in attendace.
After two days of waiting following the Feb 18 elections, former Electoral Commission chairman, Eng.
She Cranes skipper Peace Proscovia is delighted with the mood in the camp as the Ugandan side prepares to face Wales, Fiji and Zambia in the group stages at the Netball World Cup starting August 7-16 in Sydney, Australia.
In turn, Fox accused Trump's camp of trying to terrorize its employees.
Are you aged 1-70 years and in good health, the Makerere University Walter Reed project (MUWRP) is looking for volunteers for the trial of an experimental vaccine against the deadly Ebola virus.
The New Vision is with Becky Nana and 2 others.
Elsewhere, hosts #Kyetume have restored their lead over #Onduparaka at the Mighty Arena.
Sejusa had not presented sufficient reasons to warrant an extension of leave and that he was not away on official duty.
God should really change such heartless people o else remove them from the clean people.
Has anyone ever gone to kololo to seek NIRA services!
The Gunners are playing the lowest-ranked team left in the competition and the gulf between the League One team and the Premier League side is showing - the visitors have 54% of the ball so far.
Residents feast on Pupu.
Elgon, Rwenzori and Muhavura ranges".
A rather 'unexpected' welcome awaits guests at the Safari Park Lodge.
The venue, according to a notice from NIRA, will be reserved for a national event to be presided over by President Yoweri Museveni |.
Nyi will develop uganda as a whole.
Then da earthly man comes with his ideologies.
Sudan'S president Omar Hassan al-Bashir will visit his long-time foe South Sudan for the first time since its independence next week, cementing new deals on oil and border security.
Nabwiire says that after the fire was put out, Ruth Ajambo told her that she had come to have a last meal with her Mother.
The New Vision added 4 new photos — in South Sudan.
Bobi WINE REMMANDED TILL AUGUST 30TH.
Millions of shilling lost in Kisenyi fire.
Ng he said bro this is how l service in 2 da's world.
Find out when this starts, only in the New Vision.
Nato has been a weak body since 1970.
Rude Army in action general K G Y A says I don't salute kids.
Do something really nice for someone else.
He was knocked at Kalwere roundabout.
Why do you report foreigners only?
I really want commitment, but want to know what I’m doing wrong.
Time for GB to reconsider Brexit.
The New Vision is with Kakule Peter and Kiiza Emmanuel.
What’S the plan for #FathersDay ?
They were lost when Corona virus was scorching now they are back with lots of lies.
The 36-match group phase kicks off on January 9 at the newly built Olembe Stadium in Yaounde .
The Government plans to introduce an electronic medical system to record information and track people living with HIV/AIDS in the country.
The main political players are yet to do so.
Reports indicate AK47 was beaten first, and then went to the bathroom to clean up, where he is thought to have slipped and fallen.
Today the phone does a lot more than run your life for you.
In the #HarvestMoney pullout: 'Stop selling raw coffee' - farmers tipped on value for money.
Mwalimu united Africa when in 1963 he offered to host the newly formed Organisation of Africa Unity’s Liberation Committee (ALC).
China reported 11 new infections of the coronavirus on Saturday, and for the first time since the start of the epidemic, the majority of them were imported cases from overseas.
Police speaks out on NUP’s Kibalama, says he is safe and secure details in the New Vision.
The suspects were arrested by the CMI and have been under detention since October 26th.
US$500,000 is the target.
I’M a student in my senior six.
"Is he still the IGP ".
Top 5 in each heat and other 5 fastest finishers make it to Saturday final.
In other words, he wants to implement the new world order.
More Innovations Are Please Requested!
” or “What was the most challenging part of your day?
By John SemakulaTHE High Court in Mukono was on Tuesday stunned when an 88-year-old man pleaded guilty to defiling a nine year-old girl.
President Kenyatta has arrived at State House Entebbe for a 3 day state visit.
Mean people getting promoted are the exception, not the rule.
And the vociferous home crowd have created the perfect atmosphere to facilitate this performance.
The New Vision is with Kinaalwa Firebase.
details in New Vision.
After that race I knew I was ready for war!
Share Valentines moments in pictures.
The New Vision added 35 new photos — with Nelson Okutu Obando and Kakule Peter.
That's what you opted for as government!
Joseph Sendagire, 32, is accused of obtaining money from Henry Segawa, a KCB loan officer.
Museveni, IGAD leaders discuss Somali Refugees.
Its a gift n atleast better than wat the kabaka has been using lately.
Tukwebaza okutwegattako mukusaba kwolwaleero.
any good ruling though.
More in today's new Vision.
Uneb is set to release the 2019 Senior Six examination results today.
Twitter chief executive Jack Dorsey said Wednesday that the struggling messaging platform is in the midst of "rebooting" as it seeks to fulfil what he sees as its vital mission as a rapid source of information.
Grab yourself a copy 👉 EPAPER: http://is.
” We are so obsessed with hiding our age, that even when someone is probably honest about their age, we always think he or she is lying.
Police trucks are currently blocking the roads.
Stop miss using English words!
Mr Zuma's mother tongue is isiZulu, the main language spoken in South Africa.
The elephant was weighed about 6000kg according to officials from Wildlife Reserve in Murchison Falls Conservation Area.
With four points in their bag, the Cranes should be able to progress to the last 16 as either runners up or among the best four of the six third-place finishers.
If we can tell when an eclipse will take place why not the new moon?
Neymar score second goal for #Brazil against #Croatia that has one goal.
The New Vision is with Agona Charlie.
Suicide suspect who was planning to jump off from the 14th floor of the church house under construction opposite radio one has been convinced to change his mind.
The 62-year-old bishop was due to retire in 2017 when he turns 65 – the mandatory age for retirement of a bishop in the Church of Uganda.
Ganja died on January 12, 2012 in the US.
This event took place at Serena hotel Kampala.
A Kampala street kid glued to a car window.
Don'T RENEW UMEME DEAL-MUSEVENI .
Time is running out!
In the New Vision on Tuesday: The Police have admitted that some officers collude with criminal gangs such as Kifesi.
Kampala Traffic boss child custody battle deepens.
Where did Bududa land money go?
Looks at this Nabatemu.
Kizza Besigye has said he plans to hand over the party leadership before 2015 to give time to the person who will take up the party’s leadership to prepare for the 2016 presidential elections.
Kagame and Uhuru have joined Museveni in the Japan conference.
I have so many things to achieve that I have to take time to tarry with you for Strength and divine speed of achievement.
The New Vision is with Buyondo Meddie.
Can social media rescue Bobi Wine?
Mbabazi: Premier Amama Mbabazi was a guest of honour at the fundraising of Kikajjo Zone SDA church.
Born in rural Ngomanene village, Gomba; a young Kayiwa moved to Kampala to stay with his brother during the holidays to earn money for his school fees.
that's means these teachers are not qualified,they are not suppose to teachers & how will a pupil understand when has not eaten.
Indecently dressed female Christians have been banned from attending church services in the entire Catholic Diocese of Kasese.
Field Marshall Sisi expected to win.
"“I even wonder why I am still alive because half of my body is totally cold, just like a dead body,” he says.
The new Uganda AIDS Indicators’ Survey 2011, HIV prevalence has increased to 7.
They are protesting a proposal to extend their internship from one to two years http://see.
Why everyone in black?
Buy & read the #EPAPER via -.
As Kenya commissions its Standard Gauge Railway, what are the prospects for Uganda’s SGR.
Besigye is leading his challenger Maj.
Is being a father the most important role for a man to fill in today’s world?
your editing is too bad!
Should we go ahead and get married?
The day is dedicated to celebrating techno, a kind of electronic dance music that originated from Detroit.
This figure does not exist in Uganda neither do they put on such rubbish !
Keep them studying with free education materials for P7, S1, S2, S4 and S6 classes, available in the New Vision paper every day at only UGX 2,000.
President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni has arrived for the signing.
Will be peace everywhere!
Dr. Kidambire was the head of interns at Kitovu hospital in Masaka and a student of Mbarara University pursuing his bachelor’s degree in medicine and surgery.
M7 supports Kiir ans his SPLA/IG and yet the SPLA attacks and kill Ugandans in their own homes not .
Aprize was 4 robben.
Earlier, it found and photographed wreckage in the sea.
Tanzania’S former president, Ali Hassan Mwinyi, has recommended to the member states of the East African Community (EAC) to declare November 30 as the East African Day and a public holiday to enhance citizens’ participation and awareness in the integration process.
Bless these courageous sisters and mothers.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
5:I think its the Human Resource which has a 'pit-fall'.
It seems our govt is milking the cow without feed,g @ nowhere 2run keep pat'ce!
If anything, this is the best case scenario of a draw but it will take a lot of effort for the team to get out of the Groups.
Fans will have to find another way to keep up with the Kardashians, as the mega-celebrity family announced that their reality show will end early next year, Kim Kardashian wrote in a post on her Instagram.
How can anyone even contemplate voting such indecent people with no class at all.
Thieves rob royal property.
The Premier was this evening addressing the press on the backdrop that certain people were planning to disrupt the peace in what they have often referred to as a campaign of defiance.
Uganda has announced that tomorrow's Heroes' Day will be marked scientifically, with President Yoweri Museveni presiding over the event.
Grab a free copy in New Vision for details #EPAPER- https://vpg.
how can a church ( catholic ) first be given money b4 it can bury a dead person ?
I know coalitions work in politics; but how about in love?
After today's loss, Cranes still need one point against Kenya on the 8th of October at Namboole Stadium to qualify for the African Cup of Nations for the first time since 1978.
Death is as inevitable as it is feared.
if you you want to know that moslems are bad just begin fron your neighbour if you have one.
🎄🎅🏽 Standard operating procedures are being observed at places of worship as #Ugandans celebrate the birth of #Jesus.
Vision Group has launched a farmer’s website, that will ease access to agricultural education and extension services for farmers in Uganda.
In a public hearing conducted at the Archives and Records Centre in Nakasero, the commission was stunned by the incredible story of how a 24-year old was paid excess.
this is the global change we world,s facing.
Vision Group to hold a 2 Day FREE HEALTH CAMP on Thursday & Friday this week.
Lat us thank goven't leaders 4 de wark well dane.
Kabaka Ronald Muwenda Mutebi says security officers should respect the people who come for his functions.
New Zealand MP shares views on combating bullying and harassment within Parliaments.
We bring you tips on how you can tap the opportunities in the oil and gas sector.
The Ad-hoc Electoral Committee will now assess the proposed candidatures of Joseph S. Blatter, HRH Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein, Luís Figo and Michael van Praag.
Ge a grip on this festive season discounts on Dunlop tyres.
Update: 2nd half in Dar on - Tanzania 0 Uganda 1 (Dennis Iguma 46th min) #CHANqualifier .
I am still around.
Need to talk sense sometimes u wrong vision.
If she does, tell her firmly that you will not tolerate any form of disrespect.
New Vision brings you the life and times of an honest politician who served with out a dent, Mayanja Nkangi.
In this weekend’s action, Buzz Pirates host Hima Cement Heathens at Legends rugby club in what is dubbed as a must win clash for the latter if they are to keep their title hopes alive.
Ive been taking these natural berry drops I seen on DrOz.
He noted that once the Bill is passed into law, every Ugandan will be expected to express their love for the country through protecting public resources such as roads, fighting corruption, defending the country, and guarding against treason.
There Was Social Distancing in Church, the Congregation Had Masks and We Didn't exceed 70.
Nominate them by stating their NAME, SCHOOL, DISTRICT & CONTACT, explaining why they deserve to be profiled.
We're fed up, it's a cry of despair and it's time for things to stop," said protester.
I love Princess Ruth Thomas.
Happening NOW: Scientific installation of Archbishop Lambert Bainomugisha, who is replacing Archbishop Paul Bakyenga, as the 2nd Archbishop of Mbarara Archdiocese.
I wish u started with the bad tyms then the gd tyms.
Just a normal farming discussion with DFCU bank's Jimmy Mugerwa, UPC President/ Lira Municipality MP Jimmy Akena and Robert Kabushenga at the #HarvestMoneyExpo.
A fire outbreak in Rukungiri Thursday afternoon left residents in tears after property worth millions of shillings was lost.
Pius Mayanja aka Pallaso who left Team No Sleep three months ago decided to form his own team alongside that of his late brother AK47.
The Uganda National Cultural centre launched the cultural night; a night where different groups will be presenting different traditional dances and music.
if it's not just a propaganda .
Watching this ugly scenes on T.V was suddening.
While launching the inaugural Youth Leadership Camp (YLC) under the auspices of the Uganda Muslim Youth Development Forum earlier on Wednesday, DeLisi instead called upon Muslim youths to take an active role in affairs tailored to transforming their societies.
The whistleblowers Chelsea Manning, Julian Assange, and Edward Snowden were represented through the artwork of Italian sculptor Davide Dormino.
�My lord, I was tempted by satan to defile the girl.
The New Vision is with Kalisa Yantare Shyamba and Olara Derrick Odwar.
Maybe you are a career changer seeking opportunities in hands-on fields?
Gaddafi was a true pan Africanist.
UAL 536Z rammed into the wall of SubWay restaurant in Kampala this afternoon.
Guy 1942 united nation passed a free rights 2 every citizen who sees that gov't is taking wrong direction, he can wake up & over throw it.
One of them is Ugandan.
#Southsudan Official Orders Curfew Violators to be Shot Dead.
Medics at the frontline in the fight against #COVID19 have exhibited such qualities of a HERO every country needs.
My Dad treated me like Bokoharam and it taught me to live in all hardships!
Am one of the victim, am been bared from entering my country, no hope of Life in this country as many cases are being reported everyday.
Goodman'S new novel is a rather generic love story with some echoes of Erich Segal's, also set in Cambridge, Mass.
Kampala archdiocese is the riches diocese in Uganda and you are the riches bishop.
The union shd start giving other upcoming players chance to feature in the not ao serious competitions in order to rest the senior stars for the real serious much needed wins.
Doubts were already being raised about Stephen Kiprotich’s form.
The contribution of export earnings by the Uganda Free Zones Authority has shot up, with gold, an abundant precious mineral in Uganda, being among the exports.
Singer Eddy Kenzo has sent a congratulatory message to Rema on her introduction ceremony.
Bambi this man every body is washing his hands on him naye let him reveal where is the money.
Govt had given manufacturers a March 31 deadline, but the MPs who include Mityana South’s Henry Kamya Makumbi, Mawokota South’s John Bosco Lubyayi and Western Youth MP Mwine Mpaka , say the ban has not been effected.
Drama and comedy not working anymore.
The Bride and groom expo 2017 is on this Friday.
Let nothing hold you back.
Finance minister Maria Kiwanuka has launched a $6.
Security handling arrests was overwhelmed by violence caused by the unruly protesters and a bit of excessive force was used.
And who will be da first to complain in caseits give to those without da necessary requirements?
The Attorney General has insisted that FDC party president Dr. Kizza Besigye must pay for the walk-to-work protests by facing the law, since he defied lawful Police orders.
REST IN PEACE MY BROTHER.
While appearing at a Police station in Kampala, Bugingo refuted all the claims saying he was invited as a guest by Makula’s family.
Am sure i would enjoy being a judge.
They were intercepted by Police which verified the cause of death & proper transportation was accorded to the body".
National Petroleum Authority members are: Dr. J. Mulemwa, R. Kashambuzi, Dr. I. Semanda, Peter Lominit, D. K. Wandere, Eng.
According to Entebbe Division B officials, rental units and lodges without toilet facilities will also be closed.
The police on Thursday recovered the body of 62-year-old Immaculate Onabe, a resident of Munyonyo who has been missing since January 2021.
The International Criminal Court said Saturday it will probe how the names of several confidential witnesses in the trial of former Ivory Coast president Laurent Gbagbo were accidentally revealed this week.
Emma engages Eric, a certified information systems auditor, on the law on data protection & privacy in #Uganda.
With confirmation of increased HIV prevalence from 6.
Archbishop Kaziimba calls for mutual respect in new year message.
"The primary medical report has confirmed rape and the victim has identified both the accused.
Employers focus on relevant skills and whether you can be trained for the role itself.
not even the 3 combined spend close to what the US does.
These are the most infamous experiments in human history.
I can't imagine how a trying moment in magalas family.
Mbaziira has expanded into agro-tourism.
New Vision TV offers analyzed news content on trending stories in Uganda, be it politics, business, and the day today life Thi.
Details in the Kampala Sun.
Why waste time fighting the guy on the way out !
Get the e-paper here 👉.
Starting projects they later abandon.
Church of uganda leadership did not want to solve this problem.
Relationship Tip: Know what you need and then ask for it.
Another Tax need by gorv't!
President Yoweri Museveni will address the nation tomorrow to give updates on the #COVID19 situation in the country.
Women are pivotal in the fight against HIV and their contribution towards realising an AIDS free generation cannot be underestimated.
Devalue the UGX further,who cares?
Grown as an orange potato, processed to make potato flour which is used to make potato porridge, potato daddies and potato cake.
And on and on.
Deputy Attorney General Mwesigwa Rukutana, Land probe Chairperson Catherine Bamugemereire clash.
Makerere University students today went on strike over reported move by the University's to increase graduation fees from Shillings 90,000 to 220,000.
Municipal mayors and town councils chairpersons are demanding for salary increment of over 400% this financial year.
TROY DEENEY MAKES IT THREE.
“The message of Christmas is one of love.
u beta check wt was posted.
Don'T ever take the gluttonous people of this world for granted.
France is committing 1200 troops to reinforce 2,500 African troops already there.
For INQUIRIES AND BOOKING, TALK TO A DEDICATED BUILDNET SALES PROFESSIONAL TODAY.
The future looked bleak.
Electoral Commission chairman Eng.
곧 세상의 모두를 존중과 배려의 대상으로 보고 서로는 서로를 위하는 상생적 가치의 공동체로 이끌려는 하나된 마음이 결여된 상태이기 때문이다.
Message to our parliamentary avenue mps.
Your company is only interested in results, which is the only thing you should be concerned with.
The Uganda National Roads Authority Board has been suspended.
The New Vision is with TonnyBee Okello Tonny.
hey guyz 2mrw am traveln'g down dea.
In BUSINESS VISION:Kigezi to reap big from tea factories .
The Ugandan and Chinese governments have warned the international community that the proposed sanctions against South Sudan could be counterproductive.
No you can't, spending some time in UG will quickly bring you to your senses.
Government to acquire more land for $300m Entebbe airport expansion.
U just can't go ahead opposing everything at least.
'‘I do believe in miraculous wealth.
The call was made by the state minister for higher education, Prof.
Queen Elizabeth II is seeking a new helicopter pilot.
Make your way to Kyadondo Rugby grounds to find out how.
The PM's Twitter account, followed some 90 accounts, mainly of Israeli embassies and the government, at the time, the paper said.
The public can now have a piece of the company by buying shares at a given price with a minimum number.
Tarehe Sita Celebrations at Kololo.
Now imagine what he will do for Uganda if he became president at 29yrs.
Ten of the victims were defiled by men living with HIV/AIDS.
Landlords may be in trouble after a cartel is now targeting them.
African parents only apologise by calling you tu eat.
Moses Byanguye is charged with false accounting and causing financial loss to the Government.
I wish I was there.
The UCC Should also be tagged.
The messages in the fight against HIV seem to be making wonders in Rakai district.
The New Vision is with Omugeye Kasule and Ďãńdý Phàŕouk Cazorla.
wic end of month again, , , , , ,n if fools n drankards still furry/steal money to support candidates lyk #BESIGYE!
Polling stations opened at 07:00 BST and will close at 22:00 BST.
Food vendors have been banned from Division B in Entebbe municipality in response to the recent typhoid outbreak in the country.
The suspect, Yeremiya Obo, 39, is said to have beheaded his wife Nafula Akiru and their little two-year old girl Nawume Ayo on Monday night after they had had supper together.
Nominate them for recognition as we search for Uganda’s best teachers.
Wenger: 'Defensively we had no problem.
“I learned that inspiration does not always come like a bolt, nor is it kinetic, energetic, striving, but it comes into us slowly and quietly and all the time.
He has brought you this far.
Candidate based on a lack of eye contact.
#Brideandgroomexpo: The glamourous models have graced the runway!
I conquer with the researcher.
Kcca play away to Doves today in the round of 16.
How come not much is known here about him?
Vision Group's @XfmUG is the hottest radio station in Kampala, going by the awards it received at the Buzz Teenz Awards in Industrial Area yesterday.
We are looking for ECD champions.
Where are our priorities?
I was so rough on her and I wanted her apprehended," Rev.
Yes she needs another chance leave her to have a happy life  many presidents have done alot of harm than good ,but thy were not judged we are all humans politics is aa dirty game she cant take back wht she did during her look let bigons be bigons gone is gone set her free .
Legendary Journalist Teddy Seezi Cheeye plots come back.
Please Comfort those who have lost their loved ones and provide for those who have lost their sources of income.
He has run mad, he's number one in intimidating, torturing, arresting and killing of his opponents.
Westgate: Police say it will end tonight.
You are welcome to the Pearl of Africa.
There'S no short cut go back to school period.
"But South Africa could have done much more.
The New Vision is with Maulidham Hmv.
Komakech Charles Gatete 42, passed away after sustaining an injury on his head.
As the UN General Assembly prepares to discuss the DR Congo crisis on Thursday, the African Union last week adopted a resolution authorising the deployment of peacekeeping troops to the restless country.
Sorry for him, jinja and NRM only fevours asians.
Find the story in New Vision #EPAPER- https://epaper.
In today’s New Vision, we have a ’Holiday Companion’ for the little ones with a reading series, reasons why kids need to save, puzzles and more interesting stories.
Make it an extraordinary ride with Dunlop.
Kenyatta has continued to say he is innocent.
Billions of people around the world have again marked Christmas under the shadow of the coronavirus.
"All life is an experiment.
Ladies and Gentle men , A DNA test is urgently require between Prince Wwasaja and mr.
Find out how much land and how Nsibambi got involved- https://vpg.
How can we trust this when these very suspects have been tortured before to the marrow to confess having participated in the murder of the IGP?
Get money, fame, powers, security, get recognized in your business, political race, rise to the top in whatever you do, be protected spiritually and physically!
You enjoyed the Top 40 Women last weekend.
Nicholas Ssekidde, one of the seven students blocked by the Makerere University electoral commission chairman Roy Ndahura from contesting for the position of guild president, has denied having got a retake since joining campus.
Florensa Jaume Betran’s body was found lying in a pool of blood on the hotel terrace located on the first floor Monday morning.
They shd b given Heroes' status.
In MWALIMU: The National Council for Higher Education (NCHE) has said Soroti University is not yet ready to admit students.
Whats your take of the game between Brazil and Croatia so far?
Even if retirement age is raised to 90 years, you will still reach it and you will have to retire.
Lord please take control of our lives & plans this day, & be our eyes where we are unable to discern situations.
Do you have a personal vision and will it propel you to your desired level of financial success?
Cranes are into the next round!
"They steal and kill our people.
They dont know how to use them.
Having fallen out of the top order, Bukenya fought his way this year through the qualifiers which he believes gives him more firepower to strike.
(Photos by Richard Sanya.
In Kasubi, Kampala, not even the heavy rain could stop NRM members from pushing for their right to vote in the party primaries.
Unidentified cyclist carrying loads of vehicle tyres along Jinja Road in Kampala, December.
The beaten finalists will receive a million dollars with the other two semi-finalists taking home $750,000 each.
Her body was discovered by a maid who had gone to check on her in her bedroom.
We are doing really well without the Lord Mayor.
And Rwanda 's president paul Kagame.
was cursed from za head to tail.
Belgrade airport security service has discovered two Hellfire missiles on an Air Serbia passenger flight heading from Lebanon to the US.
Just married: First Couple: Malawi President Peter Mutharika & First Lady Madam Getrude Hendrina Mutharika just wedded.
Details in Saturday Vision #EPAPER- https://epaper.
So u okay with getting their money but not okay with determining how u rule us.
Mps Ssewanyana, Ssegirinya expected to appear before Police detectives in Masaka over ongoing murders.
Thanks for letting this mbuzi understand.
St. Mary’s Namagunga, Kings College Budo, and Ndejje S.S in attendance.
The scouts who received medals were the Kampala archbishop Dr Cyprian Kizito Lwanga, the project director in Kampala Archdiocese Fr.
He is the reverend of Rwebisengo Parish in Ntoroko district.
Buganda has been well represented at the #TwinsFestival.
A complete digital copy is available online.
Edith Nakalema has asked the KMP, Commander, Stephen Tanui to take administrative action against senior police commanders for allegedly failing to stop the demolition of structures at a site in Bwaise-Kawempe.
The New Vision is with Bigsize Meddie and 2 others.
#Ukrainian opposition activists grabs the helmet of a riot policeman as they try to break Kiev's city council session.
The New Vision added 47 new photos.
A human rights activist in Burundi who was jailed for 32 years after protesting against the late president has had his sentence reduced to just one year.
In most disagreements, we communicate from the “Top Layer,” which are the obvious emotions such as anger, annoyance and the like.
100% OFF YOUR FAVORITE NEWSPAPERS: Get free and unlimited access to your favorite newspapers between 22nd December 2018 and 6th January 2019.
The New Vision is with Kijana WA Francisca.
Come on The New Vision, The Daily Monitor was shut down for weeks.
The LRA rebels continue to sow mayhem in the region with the latest an attack in the Central African Republic (CAR) where they kidnapped 55 people, half of them girls, in a raid on two villages, a local gendarme and a witness said.
"Stoning a presidential motorcade is the highest insult this country can ever witness.
The New Vision is with Buule Bryan.
Us President Joe Biden's decision not to sanction Saudi Arabia's crown prince over journalist Jamal Khashoggi's murder has frustrated campaigners, underscoring Washington's delicate balancing act as it seeks to avoid a diplomatic rupture.
But how can you supply vaccines without cards ?
Rio sorry,but God is creator en planner.
Real men doesn't settle down with fake women who love money.
Communication is the key to a successful relationship.
Photo by Cornes Lubangakene.
Where is the cut in gov't expenditure he promised Kenyans.
Weight loss, fibroids treatment, ulcers, toothache and sexual performance in men.
children showcased different talents like singing,dancing,modelling and many more.
Just when you think he is down and out, he comes back with renewed vigour and reigns supreme.
Washington and Moscow have agreed a deal to eliminate Syria's chemical weapons, Kerry said after talks with Lavrov.
Full Story in the New Vision.
This is a good idea to all of us Ugandans, most especially us since our school patron is the Virgin Mary,” he added.
🎄🎅🏽 King Oyo of #Toro prayed from St. John's Cathedral in Fort Portal on Saturday.
Hahaha now if the police officers can kidnap,what about other people ?
Finasi and ROKO have finally buried their hatched over the Lubowa Hospital project.
Uganda is striving to achieve upper middle income status by 2040 and a lot of optimism and hope is riding on the 6.
Whatsapp on Tuesday warned users to upgrade the application to plug a security hole that allowed for the injection of sophisticated malware that could be used to spy on journalists, activists, and others.
A group of five pupils have formed agroup that entertains people on weddings,parties, political rallies and musical launches.
Katongole hails from Ttakajunge-Kabonera in Masaka district.
, No money required.
Investigators arrested some suspects and had them arraigned before court.
London 2012 The marathon is close to half way.
The UPDF supreme organ - Army Council - has convened at Bombo Military barracks to kick-start the process of electing Army representatives in Parliament.
One Kenya mall attack suspect wounded & detained, police say.
Termination of all indiscipline drivers on the roads who take drugs ,over speed ,over take any how.
Bishop Eciru will shepherd about 1.
Former president Mario Soares, seen as the father of Portugal's modern day democracy, was in a deep coma and in "critical" condition, the Red Cross hospital in Lisbon said Monday.
Internal Affairs Minister, Maj.
:) Be cool Man lol #MMM #BigHomie," he wrote on Twitter.
In OIL & GAS: WILL OIL PRODUCTION AFFECT LAKE ALBERT?
It's been a couple of months and she is much better.
"The shirt I am wearing is made in Jinja" and it is labeled (F to F) from 'Field to Fashion'; Africa has raw materials that need value addition - H.E Kaguta Museveni, Africa is actually a Donor of Raw Materials to foreign nations.
Corruption and nepotism, a cancer ♋ of any economy and development.
A sum of h223m that was allegedly paid from Prime Minister’s Office to new Caltex Ntinda was refunded to former principal accountant, Geoffrey Kazinda, court has heard.
Gov'T: BOBI,ZAAKE FREE TO TRAVEL.
It'S upon them, i just pray 4 da innocent pipo.
Whose testicles were stolen?
Today, he runs Mirage Trading Company, one of the leading tile importers in Uganda.
my dog is pregnant and it news.
Why is the world  srambling for India and China.
If you can't get in touch with your love for your child, then what would a really fantastic parent do right now?
says Uganda model Aamito who has made it to the top 3 in Africa's next top model.
They wants remaine billionaire them selves what is wrong with his dressing.
A significant breakthrough came recently after farmers sealed a deal to export green graded top quality coffee to South Korea.
Strategist,,, he is eying something!
The Police have handed over the contentious Qualicel bus terminal, to Drake Lubega and Yanga Matovu.
Does that apply to Camera Phones tooo?
This yaka thing can yaku people seriously.
That took his tally so far to 10 states.
She used to assign me tasks and I did them wholeheartedly because she paid my fees.
Find out the highest paid public servants.
Policemen have blocked the main roads to city centre.
Do we even have a cyber Police ?
Aslund died last Wednesday evening in the UK according to family sources.
She also called my parents and told them to cancel the wedding.
Can It Ride Itself Even On Our Potholed Highways In Ug?
One sortie apparently got wrong for a Turkish assault helicopter as Iraqi Kurdish militia claim they got the aircraft down.
The #ClosingCeremony of the #London2012 Olympics starts in just over 10 minutes!
The initiative which was started in 2010 to create a revolving fund to help the poorest of the poor in markets around the country access loans at no interest went off the rails at implementation stage resulting into a slew of accountability flaws highlighted in the Auditor General’s report for the year ending June 2011.
Space technologies are the best for such calamities!
In the 1987/88 budget, new finance minister Crispus Kiyonga reported that the tarmacking of the Mityana-Mubende-Fort Portal road and the rehabilitation of the Kampala.
Veronica Lee Tayo Nice.
Being sexy without a character will not get you a husband, you will only get a boyfriend.
On Monday October 9, Ugandans will celebrate 55 years of independence.
Dogs do not give humans disease.
#Kampala High Court has issued international warrant of arrest against suspected Chinese paedophile #Yang Zhengjun who is accused of aggravated child trafficking and defilement.
Ali Al'amin Mazrui an academic, professor, and political writer on African and Islamic studies and North-South relations has died.
First regulate waraji, jobs and stress, then think of food.
Deputy Speaker Anita Among has threatened to name and shame male MPs who sire and neglect children.
Age limit riots brought Makerere business to a standstill.
He is said to have hooked a 'new catch' his potential seventh wife.
The little ones are already at Cricket Oval Lugogo for the #TrophyTour experience.
I decided to take an objective view, even in the RPF political bureau.
And kiruhura is the biggest beneficiary.
Nrm delegates gather at Kyandondo.
Parliament has welcomed a move to bar boda boda (motorcycle passenger cyclists) from transporting children aged 12 years and below unaccompanied by adults.
Management of resources in the country should be left to regions other than the central government, Uganda Federal Alliance (UFA) president, Beti Olive Kamya suggests.
The exercise, which started on November 21, 2019, was scheduled to close December 11, 2019.
Boarder issues are military concerns, not police!
Hello and good morning everyone.
The toll from the deadliest and most destructive wildfire in California's history rose further on Sunday to 77, the sheriff's office said.
A State House official who allegedly intimidated and put pressure on Electoral Commission (EC) employees to give jobs to some individuals is going to be arraigned in court today.
The move to restore the green areas in city suburbs is part of KCCA's plan to restore the city's beauty and create areas where the public can relax.
The sentencing comes after Tanzania' President Jakaya Kikwete blasted the wave of killings of albinos, whose body parts are used for witchcraft, as a "disgusting and big embarrassment for the nation".
We also need to be able to absorb them, move them from the digestive tract and into the body, where they can be used.
South African referee Craig Joubert should not have awarded the last minute penalty that secured Australia victory over Scotland in their World Cup quarter-final, a review committee said Monday .
Emergency repair works have started on the damaged River Mubuku bridge in Kasese District.
The pope visit to uganda will bring a holly impact to the image of uganda and catholisim at large.
The minister is reported to have breathed his last on Thursday night at his home in eastern Uganda.
Gleeson founded Irene Gleeson Foundation (IGF) in Kitgum in 1992 after selling all her property in Australia.
Police in the Kampala suburb of Wandegeya are investigating an incident in which an explosive ordnance blasted and injured five people of the same household.
This shows the extent to which the level of subsistence thinking has diluted the elites' mind.
'Change in our lifestyle must begin with change in our mindset.
Popular belief says if you really want to make a big change, focus on one new healthy habit at a time.
I asked him if everything was okay and he said, yes.
The Ministry says parents shouldn't be compelled to pay.
players need to train under supervision of a physical fitness expert.
🎙️Podcast: Her Vision discusses the debt trap that Members of Parliament often find themselves in.
Need low interest loans?
"Finally it has been decided.
(Oh, and we are talking US dollars here, guys!
Besigye won with at least 728 votes while Muntu only got 115 votes.
The average English-speaker has about 50,000 words in their mind and usually finds the right one in roughly 600 milliseconds.
With peace &freedom, it now flourishes.
"Suprisingly, I saw Stephen (KIPROTICH) with us and it was difficult to make a move.
Museveni has blasted the ICC at Uhuru Kenyatta's Inauguration saying it is blackmail and the ICC is being used selectively by the west.
Twelve years ago in 2009, the New Vision launched the Bride & Groom Expo, it was the child of the bride and groom magazine.
Kampala Metropolitan deputy police spokesperson, Luke Owoyesigyire, said the two unidentified victims who were killed by a mob at about 5:00am, were male adults aged about 20 years.
This October, the #Ugandan🇺🇬 current world 5,000m record holder is aiming for another record.
You have to be able to generate revenue first and foremost.
Irene Gleeson founded Irene Gleeson Foundation (IGF) in 1991 and through her organization; she used to provide free medication, education and food to thousands of orphans and ex-child soldiers in Kitgum town.
Giving a child responsibility is good for their self-esteem.
Grab your copy of New Vision for the story.
To see a true copy of the Monday newspaper, subscribe here.
No need for the congo authorities to meet M23 hooligans.
Kings, rulers, CEOs, judges, doctors, pastors, they are already expected to be greater and wiser”.
The New Vision added 15 new photos — with Jeremy Gatsie.
Uganda has edged up one place to 91st in the latest Coca-Cola FIFA World Rankings despite a lack of International games for the Cranes.
A 40-year-old National Resistance Movement (NRM) supporter has been admitted to hospital in critical condition after he got stabbed at a rally in Kalisizo town council.
Pope Francis: Join hands & Pray to end tribalism in Africa and in Kenya.
Toyota taxi registered number UBD 041S that was heading to Rukungiri rammed into a Fuso fight truck UAR 679M that was heading to Mbarara.
The High Court will on August 20, this year, deliver a ruling in a case in which Entebbe businessman, Bruno Francis Bazibu seeks to be remanded in a civil prison.
Today she is one of the district’s big names in poultry and piggery.
Over 70,000 UPDF veterans have not been paid.
Bad Black has been released on bond.
The New Vision is with Treasure Winnie and 2 others.
These are last days,as bible talk of people will love money,and hate to do good things,may God help us,so that when he comes will find us ready for him.
Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands has abdicates in favour of her son Prince Willem-Alexander - an event being celebrated across the nation.
The New Vision is with Naziri Hakim and 7 others.
Republican frontrunner Donald Trump and Democratic favorite Hillary Clinton swept to victory in Arizona, one of three western states to hold contests on Tuesday.
Today is National Underdog Day!
I wonder what your motives are in the media house.
Today, he runs a multi-million dollar real estate business that boasts such landmarks as Metroplex Mall, Nalya.
Latest edition of New Vision.
We fed up of inu.
Nytil/Picfare have upgraded their offer to Kiprotich from 5yrs to 10yrs of clothing and a lifetime of scholastic materials for his children!
Looking for oil is not an easy venture.
Have you submitted your #FriendsWithBenefits success stories?
It is best known for the country's main prison, Luzira Maximum Security Prison.
“Whenever someone says I am doing something wrong I reply the goat does not speak, ask for money to go shopping and doesn’t get pregnant - and she can’t talk”.
The committee will rule on the matter on Thursday when the lawyers table his documents.
It appears that the mock rioter has lost his weapon and is lying helplessly on the ground while the SWAT officer moves in to violently subdue him.
"It is a disease born of poverty.
The pair was swept up in a strong current.
How can that address be?
What should be the best tittle for them both in local language and englise?
Why is everyone looking at restructuring NSSF?
True that brother, she should be charged with conspiracy.
What about red pepper?
A requiem service will be held at All Saints’ Church, Nakasero at 10:00am today, according to the UPDF chief political commissar, Col.
But why not really maximize the 120 characters in that field, describing in a little more detail what you do really well and making a memorable first impression?
At Hoima central market, one lemon costs between sh1,000 and sh2,000, depending on the size, yet two weeks ago, the same amount would purchase four to six lemons.
More government support for Athletics would even open wider doors at international stage.
In this picture, Gen.
This face I hv seen it for tooooo long no elections in CAF?
This appalling announcement was made by Bernard Lubwama, an epidemiologist at the Ministry of Health on Tuesday evening while addressing the press at the Kabale district Rukiiko hall.
Kisaasi right about now: Traffic jams should not be fronted as an excuse for violating the night curfew says the Police.
#Offtheweb: Caption this picture.
Iran'S supreme leader ordered the armed forces to lead the battle against the outbreak.
1892 - Capt Lugard occupies Uganda's King Mwanga's hide out.
Get the full story and more in New Vision.
Museveni returns from overseas.
Kiryandongo man accused of selling baboon meat.
Waooo, its a transforming beginning.
Topless activists from campaign group Extinction Rebellion chained themselves to the gates of Britain's parliament Thursday to highlight the "bare truth" about climate change.
The ministry of education and sports has sealed collaboration with Plan International Uganda involving over sh14b (US$4m) to promote early childhood education through a four-year project.
In BlackBerry's latest quarterly financials released today, the company revealed it's getting out of the hardware business once and for all, choosing instead to "outsource that function to partners".
Or you can get a digital copy online.
This Christmas we discovered that he had impregnated a 19-year-old and taken her on as his third wife.
This is stupidity of highest order!
Female Genital Mutilation (FGM) is the cultural practice of partially or wholly removing the external genitalia of women and girls.
It'S shocking how the speaker appears to conclude that the arrested members of parliament are guilty even before the court process is carried out.
Please support me for M.P isingiro south, 2016.
#Zimbabwe president Mugabe arrives in Lusaka, #Zambia amidst protesters shouting; “Mugabe Must Go!
I see chaos only.
Actionaid has laid out strategies to help women curb violence against them in marriages.
The CEO, Pan Africa Federation of Accountants, Ms Alta Prinsloo and the ED, Stabic Bank Uganda will be our first speakers of the day.
Dr Charles Ayume expressed shock that in over a week, Evelyne Anite had chaired over 7 press conferences between Koboko and Kampala, which he says, shows that she didn't take the loss well.
Major US companies are having to reassess their return-to-office plans and getting tough on vaccine or mask requirements as the Omicron Covid variant looks set to extend pandemic-induced work-from-home culture.
Former NSSF boss David Jamwa and his deputy, Mondo Kagonyera, have paid back most of the money they had taken as advances.
Oh merciful Jesus please as today you ressurect let this child's body be made whole in your mighty name .
His childhood ambition was to become a dental surgeon.
-Unite or perish, Museveni tells Africa.
A few years later, she has lost 19kgs, and is back on her feet.
Experiment with your dinner, tonight!
Nelson Mandela Day not only celebrates Nelson Mandela's life, but it is also a global call for action for people to do something that will have a positive effect on others in the communities around them.
Work harder than everyone under you or above you.
We shouldn't blow it up.
Trump says he finally wore a mask -- but not for public viewing.
The accused were illegally found in possession of a firearm, pair of camouflage uniform, UPDF shoes and one pair of peeps of a Captain rank, all belonging to the Defence Forces.
Jailed former Lord’s Resistance Army (LRA) rebel commander, Thomas Kwoyelo, wants to meet President Museveni.
May all your wishes, hopes and dreams come true in the year 2017.
While being good at your job is important, it shouldn't be your entire life.
Communication lines have been completely cut and roads have been destroyed.
We can achieve elections that are peaceful.
A defence ministry spokesman said there was still an unused tunnel at the Punggye-ri test site which could be used for a sixth explosion at any time.
Find details in the New Vision tomorrow.
Liverpool takes on Arsenal in the weekend's PL action.
4oz) of the drug a month.
We have to go back further than December 6th.
More than 5,000 Burundians fled to Rwanda over the weekend following mounting tensions in the central African country, bringing the total number of arrivals in April to nearly 21,000.
Look no further than our comprehensive Vocational Guide pullout in Pakasa only in the New Vision this Friday, February 19.
, Its even worse with University students, even when they speak English, they are either speaking S.2 slangs or speaking Jamaican Patua.
The countries are doing far to little to develop the countryside and the poor people.
The Dutch official, with a wry smile, insists that he tooted his whistle before Benzema's stunner flew in.
The New Vision added 40 new photos — with Talm Rider.
But what happened to the attackers?
Following a two year ban, the Commercial Court has given reflexology practitioners a green light to resume their activities, quashing the ban imposed on reflexology activities by the then health minister Dr Stephen Mallinga (now deceased) in March 2011.
so why is the killing of a Ugandan guy of 18years only is a problem?
Fufa Press conference on Uganda v Zambia going on right now: FUFA president Lawrence Mulindwa and coach Bobby Williamson apologise to Ugandans for failure to make it to AFCON 2013, but urge Ugandans to continue supporting the team that "has a very bright future".
35 new COVID-19 cases have been confirmed bringing the total to 557 cases.
It is now a year but I have never recovered,” said Alice Namulwa, the mother to the late Butaleja Woman MP Cerinah Nebanda during requiem mass at Christ the King on Wednesday.
The New Vision added 34 new photos.
Kalambaie wa Kalambaie was one of 116 people, including many South Africans, who died.
Thank You for everything Lord.
The Jordanian prince, a former FIFA vice president, said he had the necessary backing from five of FIFA's 209 member associations but declined to name them.
Latest images from the deepening war in #Syria.
Take your own pose and share the picture.
Do you have that fascinating #FathersDay story to tell?
The function was attended by the Minister of Health Ruhakana Rugunda, State minister for health and general duties Dr. Elioda Tumwesigye, Managing Director of ESCA Mr. Edward Kataika plus professors and doctors.
5m (sh5b) to eliminate trachoma from the country by 2020, a trachoma elimination project administrator has said.
So great since costs are minimzed.
We had our anniversary the other week; we both work shifts and had the weekend off together but we didn't do anything.
🎥 Watch below 👇🏽 a sneak peek of what you will be reading about in this week's Saturday Vision (September 11, 2021).
Its bad 4 student who are affected.
They came into your hands and you rejected them!
How much does Mutebile earn?
The former UN diplomat revealed this during a press conference at the party headquarters at Uganda House in Kampala.
The project is expected to start generating 100 MW of power by the end of the year & 1,000 MW by the end of 2016.
If he had stepped down earlier, he would have done his country a favour.
Thxs 4 publishing to us wright information.
Anti-Corruption Court Judge Catherine Bamugemereire on July 12, 2012 sentenced Bad Black to four years in prison after convicting her of fraud.
You too have many starving souls for spiritual food, return and gather the lost sheep.
They are in a mordenised world.
#Wuliraeddoboozi: Mwoyo Mutuukirivu atuleteera emirembe egya Namaddala.
The New Vision is with Josh Balamaze Steve and Rajab Selector.
God knows no race tribe religion gender social status or nationality.
Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) executive director, Jennifer Musisi, has said that the authority’s administration without the Lord Mayor is superb.
🇿🇦 #SouthAfrica's anti-apartheid icon Archbishop Desmond Tutu has died at the age of 90.
Read the story in today's New Vision Right pointing backhand indexhttps://epapers.
Presidents Yoweri Museveni and Paul Kagame have demanded that M23 rebels stop their offensive and pull out of Goma in a joint press conference at Munyonyo.
E.g kaguta, kajura, moses Ali, Kiveyidinda etc.
Mbu u also want comments?
Reading helps facilitate sleep by forcing you to remove yourself from electronic equipment, items designed to keep your mind visually stimulated and turn it into a relaxed activity.
My question is, is having sex before going to church godly or ungodly?
It'S D-day of the #26ICPAUAnnualSeminar under the theme "Leadership For Transformation in a Dynamic Environment.
For there is nothing hidden that will not be disclosed, & nothing concealed that will not be known or brought out into the open.
A week ago, the Governor, had briefly visited Nakasero hospital to receive medical attention because he was not feeling well.
The pet dog of a coronavirus patient in Hong Kong was confirmed to be infected with the disease, in a likely case of human-to-animal transmission, authorities said on Wednesday.
Dady u fought very hard to bring me up to who iam,u sweated all day long to see that iam satisfied and happy at the end of the day, and never caned me for mistakes done but ur teaching turned u agreat teacher in my upbring.
Chelsea sign defender Ben Chilwell from Leicester on a five-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
At least four people, including two policemen, were killed on Wednesday when a car bomb exploded outside a police station in Nairobi near a major Somali neighbourhood, Kenya's government said.
How abt da guyz who won awards 4 bein briliant?
But who is This America?
Armed with a chain, Ntege tied his waist and ankles on the bridge to stop Police from pulling him away.
Late deliveries delay NRM registration #EPAPER: http://is.
Retreating from the outer world gives us plenty time to nurture ourselves and those we love.
Physical activity doesn't need to be complicated.
#Ian Clarke for Mayorship.
One attack after another, aimed at innocent groups of people.
-Dutch treasured method of milk production #EPAPER: https://goo.
New Vision Online Editor Nelson Naturinda tells you why you need New Vision's first edition that was printed in 1986.
Trump is a moron.
Carefully fill up the egg whites with the egg mixture, making neat swirls.
Libya'S new unity government has demanded the 'immediate' withdrawal of all foreign mercenaries ahead of year-end elections.
Swaibu Katusabe, the Rwebigongoro landing site chairman said, Nema was attacked by a crocodile as she washed her clothes at around 5:40 pm on Monday.
Authorities say there is a scarcity of food supplements in the hospital.
Their bosses eat allowances etc etc.
Continue misinforming the country.
Why not to protect the in the area.
Below are some of the experiences snapped by our cameras and got some off the web.
Do resistance training to create hypertrophy (muscle bulk).
It is a time for hospitality and generosity’ – Msgr.
May his soul rest in peace.
بازاریی ئاوباریك به رامبه ر كاسۆمۆڵ .
Uganda win CECAFA final 2-1.
Uganda'S got Talent lol!
World Bank to slash funds to five towns.
Free SUBSCRIPTION HERE: https://epapers.
If you have to beg some one to be in your life, they don't belong there.
Congo authorities refuse to hand over 12 Ugandans involved in boda boda clashes.
The Acholi sub- region will be waiting to listen to what plans you have for them and other parts of the country, promising to build bridges where there are no rivers should be left to M7.
The Deputy Chief of Defense Forces, Gen.
As Ugandans wait for what chameleon has in store for the rich Kampala class, word reaching our desk is the tickets have been cut.
they shud all pay for their inhumanity.
Stop pointing fingers and begin to work together as a team to make the changes in the relationship that you both desire.
To be effective it demands the sacrifice of the bravest and the most spotless.
Liverpool travel to Stamford Bridge today(7pm),Everton v Southampton at Goodison Park(4:30pm) Newcastle United v Arsenal at St James' Park (7pm) and Tottenham Hotspur v Stoke City at White Hart Lane (7pm), What are your Predictions?
Cranes coach Milutin ‘Micho’ Sredojevic is set to complete a move to Sudanese giants Al Hilal Omdurman.
This transit will make you more sociable.
The Speaker of Parliament, Rebecca Kadaga, has hailed M-KOPA Solar a new player in solar energy for connecting 20,000 households in the country.
"Powerful people take responsibility for their lives and choices.
Former Federation of Uganda Football Association (FUFA) President Denis Obua is dead.
The 76-tonne fishing boat Daifukumaru capsized in the Sea of Japan just off Shimane prefecture on the western coast early Wednesday morning.
9trillion shillings for the HIV/Aids, TB and Malaria programmes.
#Cecafa FINAL 40th - Still 1-0.
He is one of the few people inside the bizarrely empty stadium in Linz.
Photo Chinese JH-7 Flying Leopard Fighter Bomber Jets seen at Russian Air Base Chelyabinsk-Shagol Peace Mission-2013?
The five-year row between Bonney Katatumba, the Pakistan Consul to Uganda and Indian mogul, Mukesh Shukla is not about to end.
As they fall off, they will understand .
Ugandan model, Stacy ‘Queen’ Aamito, who was on Sunday declared the winner of the first ever Africa’s Next Top Model contest, touched down at Entebbe Airport on Friday from the US.
"Rebecca, my wonderful wife, passed away peacefully after a short battle with cancer at the Royal Marsden Hospital in London.
Muslims will today evening know when Idd al-Fitr which marks the end of their fasting will be celebrated.
It is the day of the 18th coronation (Empango) of King Oyo Nyimba Kabamba Iguru Rukiidi the 4th day and as expected, the vibe is high in the entire Toro kingdom.
Gov't should recover as much they can then he can serve that brief sentence as top up to his punishment.
Homes: Dos and Dont’s of buying Sand for construction.
//:: Paul Anderson backlifting 2,840kg (6270 lbs); the greatest weight ever lifted by a human being.
It is going to be as exciting as the live event because we plan to give you the ultimate wedding experience for all couples that are planning their dream weddings.
Those who choose 2 b're not just starting but rather have been using it as a cover up.
Al-Shabaab boss Ahmed Godane planned the twin bombs that killed over 70 people in Kampala in July 2010.
Nyambura was the one to go not Bior.
Relationship tip: Be a good roommate to yourself before you enter a relationship.
This is after the Deputy Speaker of Parliament, also Omoro County MP, Jacob Oulanyah, filed for divorce in the Family Division of the High Court of Uganda.
Registration to attend is via email pakasaforum@newvision.
The rot at UIA.
The German Aerospace Center (DLR), which led the consortium behind Philae, said the lander is probably now covered in dust and too cold to function.
Mukula was on in January sentenced to four years in jail for embezzling sh210m from the Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunisation (GAVI).
Buy a copy of today's New Vision for the details.
Lyto Boss aka Derrick Katongore shoots a new video Ekitengejja.
The New Vision is at Lweza Training and Conference Center.
I did not kill my wife, says MP Tinkasiimire http://j.
DO YOU THINK CONJUGAL RIGHTS SHOULD BE GRANTED TO PRISONERS?
Your chance to join the #PapalWalk Fundraising Drive for the refurbishment of the Namugongo Martyrs Shrine.
Sheikh Yasin Kiweewa, a close friend to Sheikh Muzaata appealed to people not speculate about his death noting that death is a preserve of Allah.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has revealed that he is HIV-negative.
Talks aimed at ending South Sudan's civil war resumed in Ethiopia on Monday, mediators said, as sporadic fighting continued to rage between rebel and government fighters in the oil-rich country.
Houston, US – The 19-year-old son of a Houston pastor was taken into custody for the triple murder of his family, police said Wednesday.
Experts say many people are likely to continue losing their jobs because of automation of some jobs.
#Bgexpo2018 It could be your dream cake for your wedding day.
Despite efforts by Ugandan authorities to curb the catching of immature fish from Lake Victoria, it still finds its way to the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) markets.
Would you drink this water?
📺 A BRAND-NEW TV STATION!
#Kiprotich Arriving at Entebbe hours ago.
In their memorandum mayors demanded a net pay of sh5m per month while the town council chairpersons want a net pay of sh3m per month.
All short girls have been allowed to Use their full photos as Their passport.
Get your copy of the New Vision for 100% exclusive stories hot off the press-https://vpg.
Efforts to refurbish the Uganda Martyrs'' pilgrimage trail in preparation for Pope Francis'' visit, which is estimated to cost sh5b, have been kick started with sh2.
Dear Lord, we thank You for this beautiful Saturday morning.
My wife no longer talks to me and she has denied me sex.
After a while, he picks out one and starts negotiating the price, pays for it, throws it in his backpack and walks off.
Have a blessed Day.
Two traditional diviners from Buganda, on Friday, learnt the hard way that you do not mess around with women in Arua and get away unscathed, more so if the district’s Woman MP, Christine Abia, is in town.
😣😣😣 if So, where is a relative of the deceased speaking about his love 4 his car then your "expert" could it be that he is a relative trying to venture into something & you are trying to promote him?
Police fired teargas and water cannon to disperse opposition supporters who had gathered in a Kampala suburb on Wednesday to mourn people killed during demonstrations earlier this year.
Investigators on Tuesday searched for the person or group responsible for planting two bombs at the Boston Marathon finish line that killed three people and wounded more than 100 in the worst bomb attack on U.S. soil since Sept.
In the latest attempt to crack down on poaching and trafficking of wildlife products, five people have been arrested and charged with illegal possession of wildlife products in different parts of Kampala.
Students of medicine in Ugandan universities are likely to miss practical anatomy lessons unless the shortage of bodies is addressed.
Researchers at Johns Hopkins University have developed a new-style outfit that is not only more comfortable, but also less likely to accidentally infect its users.
Find interview in the Saturday Vision #EPAPER -https://vpg.
<P>Sound political leadership is the cornerstone of success in any society.
Imagine how the socks look like.
The New Vision added 36 new photos — at Namirembe Cathedral.
<P><Em>Government Chief Whip Thomas Tayebwa, who received the high-profile visitor, moved a motion to commend the work of Rotary in Uganda.
It was pure corruption .
Subscribe for the digital copy;http://bit.
Please share you opinions on what you think about parents who neglect/abandon their children and what should be done.
i think we now know what is happening in centenary bank.
The Democratic Party (DP) president Norbert Mao has named party leaders to face disciplinary action.
Sawyer Sweeten, known for his role as one of twin sons in the US sitcom "Everybody loves Raymond," committed suicide on Thursday aged 19, US media reported.
A cabinet sub-committee is scrutinizing proposed constitutional amendments.
Talk is cheap ay times but anyway some pipo get paid thru just that.
On the eve of his visit to Cuba, US President Barack Obama cracked jokes Saturday with the communist country's most loved comedian in a surprise exchange broadcast online.
What about my money#nssf?
Out-Going Chief Justice Bart Katureebe has handed over office to his deputy Alfonse Owiny-Dollo pending appointment of the substantive Chief Justice.
Both mine and the driver’s doors were flung open.
From the murky waters of revenge porn to spiritual nourishment offered by different Church organisations; from breaking news to making headlines, Facebook is the trendsetter for much of what we do today.
Burkina Faso's army on Saturday backed a military officer's claim to lead the country's transition to democratic elections, as the ousted president Blaise Compaore took refuge in neighbouring Ivory Coast.
Kale Kayihura and other two senior police officers over harassment.
Deputy President William Samoei Ruto already at the airport ready to leave The Hague at 11am.
More results still coming in.
The New Vision is with Oboth Jackson.
"By 9:00pm people were already in their homes," Onyango said, adding that there was calmness everywhere.
Protect wat u dont wat 2lose.
Nrm to hold primaries for Nebbi today.
Read Some of the Rules in the picture.
Former Nansana police boss Mohammed Kirumira has been posted to Kasese district to head Bwera police station.
What is wrong .
There are more freebies on the way.
 Avoid public washroom door handles and taps.
President Yoweri Museveni has protested the high interest rates charged by commercial banks in Uganda.
Are we going to dump them?
The New Vision is with Martial Ronald and 5 others.
Mabikke’s return to DP coincides with the party’s crusade to revive its lost glory characterized with bickering.
Follow your instincts when it comes to his health and well-being.
Should the new taxes worry Ugandans?
Blaine Gibson, who has already found possible debris in Mozambique, made the latest discovery on the east coast of Madagascar.
And try to make electricity affordable to the poor.
In MOTOR MART: Who is to blame for the road damage?
The Attorney General (AG) has told the High Court in Kampala that the General Court Martial has jurisdiction to try civilians who aid and abet serving officers to commit offences which follows under the military law.
The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty”.
The Premier league table as it stands.
Read the #EPAPER🗞️ here 👉🏽.
45 minutes felt like 10 minutes!
What do you think about it.
Alexander III (1159–1181): 21 years, 11 months and 24 days (8,029 days).
He appealed to Muslims to desist from any kind of protest but condemn the act in the strongest possible terms.
Be part of the 3 day event from the 8-10 Dec 2021 at Imperial Resort Beach Hotel & online.
#Breaking: Presidential Guard in Burkina Faso arrest Ministers, PM Zida and transitional president Michel Kafando.
According to the former vice-chancellor of Makerere University, Prof.
Worsely said assessment on biodiversity shows that the situation is getting worse.
And may the souls of those who met their creator rest in eternal peace.
The New Vision is with David Obote and Moses Nathan Muhangi.
A move they say the Speaker Margaret Zziwa is opposed to.
The bodies of the 71 victims killed in a plane crash in Colombia that wiped out a Brazilian football team returned home Friday, as mourners prepared a massive funeral.
This happened not once but on many occasions and M7 doesn't seem to care.
We have the findings in today's New Vision.
Does YOUR SON ATTEMPT TO COMMUNICATE IN OTHER WAYS?
Find out how President Museveni and Maumbe Mukhwana linked up in the struggle.
The New Vision added 22 new photos — with Mike Hyne.
Seven killed in Pakwach accident involving a KKT Bus from Koboko at Ofori 6km away from Pakwach.
Vision Mwalimu for more details.
#Travel The road at the end of Lysefjorden, Norway.
Rebecca Nyandeng Garang has urged #SouthSudan president Salva Kiir to release the detainees in Juba so that the talks to end the war.
The prevalence rate has increased from 7.
Find out what the deal entails in New Vision #EPAPER- https://vpg.
The home of the former Archbishop of Cape Town, Desmond Tutu, was robbed while he was attending Nelson Mandela's memorial.
Day Break Group which runs Wood stone development, Krystal Clear Entertainment, Blue Cruise transport & Logistics and Real designed launched a refurbished and expanded offices in Kololo over the weekend.
Dr. Kizza Besigye at High Court.
I thought that kikwete is smart, how can u deport Africans out of their continent?
If your new shoes feel too tight, here’s a way to stretch them.
#China: With only seconds to spare, a resourceful Chinese cop figured out how to rescue a suicidal woman dangling precariously from a ledge.
This follows the heavy river floods that have hit the district since May 1st this year in which eight people have died, property worth billions of shillings destroyed and causing displacement of hundreds of families in the district.
Iryn genda orye enkoko yo.
Bosco Owecho a local fisherman lost his life while attempting to rescue victims from the MV Templar boat.
We need peace in DRC!
Try adding some bright colors to the picture by including humor, and your picture begins to lighten up," Allen Klein.
How long will these gallant servants of the land have to wait to get paid?
How much money was he given.
If it's LOVE, my friend Love is stronger than age?
Who is threatening MPs over age limit?
Get the details on how they do it and what Police plans to do to avert the crime in Sunday Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
unless there is kind of jealousy fro.
It set the standard for other radio stations, especially in programming with shows segmented into sports, relationships, humor sections and the like.
Tumwebaze said that the approved proposals to amend the KCCA Act would be tabled before Cabinet this week.
He pursued it and become a dentist against his better judgement.
Majority of Ugandans want President Museveni and his political rival, FDC leader Col.
Breaking: Suicide bombs, gunmen attack in #Libya capital #Tripoli.
How did he get here?
In search of a job?
This same issue seperated Besigye and Mbabazi in the old NRM and again has seperated them in the old TDA.
Why does the West dominate African football?
The Police Spokesperson, Judith Nabakooba however said Dr. Onzivua is still in their custody and refuted claims of him being arraigned in court.
The President said most African countries would now be modern economies if their past laeders had invested in power generation.
Disagreements are a natural part of healthy relationships, but it’s important that you find a way to compromise if you disagree on something.
When I found out and told my boyfriend, he encouraged me to carry the pregnancy to term.
The New Vision is with Rashid Yusuf Isingoma and Kuteesa George Williams Bakenegura.
It seems my father does not like my wife.
Dr.Tanga Odoi acknowledges cheers from Kaguta Museveni after approval.
Nigeria'S foreign minister Ambassador Aminu Wali, said that the government was closely monitoring these attacks on foreigners in South Africa and would take appropriate measures if the lives of Nigerians were at risk.
Business is back to normal in Arua but the attention is in Gulu where Kyadondo East Member of Parliament Robert Kyagulanyi is expected to appear in Court Mar.
What should I do.
The National Resistance Movement (NRM) workers league boss Mathias Mulumba Ssuna, has demanded to meet the party electoral commission (EC) chairman Dr. Tanga Odoi over his disqualification from the party primaries.
Three points for either side could move them out of the relegation zone.
Former Prime Minister, Amama Mbabazi, has been put under preventive arrest, Police operations chief, Felix Kaweesi has said.
The University Guide will offer unique and well researched information-- see more at: https://goo.
More stories in Sunday Vision.
Mastercard, Africa CDC in $1.
Big DEBATE: The Electoral Commission has allowed Kyadondo East MP Robert Kyagulanyi, also known as Bobi Wine, to consult voters across the country about his aspirations to stand for presidency come 2021.
How does two small planes become a new dawn.
Why minister Adolf Mwesige lost NRM primaries.
And a lot of that had to do with Alek Wek, the way she was embraced by the modeling industry,” Lupita told the New York Times.
Senegalese leader Macky Sall said Tuesday the country’s top court had rejected his proposal to cut his current presidential term by two years to five.
The chief guest was the first deputy Prime Minister Rt.
Count NUP and FDC for those seats.
Paris police said Sunday that three people were detained after officers used tear gas to disperse hundreds of youths gathered for a street party in defiance of Covid social distancing limits and an 11:00 pm curfew.
Do you see it's worthy displaying this old satanist to us?
Minister of Health Rukakana Rugunda’s son weds Matilda Muhanguha daughter of Amb.
Right now, your family, friends, and co-workers will understand if it takes you a few hours to respond to a text.
The winner here will face #Derby or #ManUtd in the quarterfinals.
how do I go about it.
Just a few officials "hanging around" now at Namboole.
Guess who the girl was… ‘MY girl’ from salsa.
Who is fooling who,i dont believe those guys took the money,how?
Security say some of the militants are hiding in shops or rooms with in the mall, but will be found.
In Jesus' name, Amen.
The alleged ringleader of ironbar hitmen in Bugembe Town Council in Jinja district is now in police custody, following days of hot pursuit for him.
I wish the URA, and UBS, could confiscate and destroy the numerous contraband goods flooding our markets!
Schwarzenegger says pandemic 'opportunity' for climate.
Researchers at Tokyo University discovered that men with the classic bald spot were 52% more likely to have coronary artery disease than those with a full head of hair.
Yes, and that was Leila Kayondo.
"Firefighters tore down the wall and found 16 dead".
Police in Mukono district are holding a twenty seven-year old mother who flogged her own daughter to death.
Why does the ruling party always delights in associating with wrong characters?
Your Excellency the blame game will not work this time.
Where can I sit?
A tide of change is sweeping through five-time National Basketball champions Power.
View the catalogue on WhatsApp: https://wa.
Kampala The Sun has risen.
Bettie Tekule Nassali is not your typical teacher.
Here's all you need to know.
Nigeria face a Fifa ban that would rule them out of next year's Africa Cup of Nations following a high court decision on recent football elections.
Careless & poor Ugandans being promised 5m to take packed goods den know dat dey ar drugs wen arrested.
That is why I miss Kayihura, we would have 50 suspects, each with a broken knee and arms twisted.
#Tuskerprojectfame6 Who do think will sing better?
They were returning from Lira.
Who'S new strategy, for 2019 through 2030, aims to prevent seasonal influenza, control the virus's spread from animals to humans and prepare for the next pandemic,.
Odrek Rwabwogo, a former contestant for the post of NRM vice-chairman (western region), has been in the news for his criticism of the party, led by his father-in-law, President Yoweri Museveni.
Fdc party members are eagerly waiting for the outcome of the Muntu-Mafabi inquest following a 30-day inquiry into the controversies that arose from the polls held last year but a rift still prevails.
Remember the 15-year-old boy who decided enough was enough with the harsh life at home in Arua, and so set out to pursue a better life in Kampala .
A Nigerian businessman is set to unveil what he says is Africa's largest statue of Jesus, describing it as a symbol of peace in a country wracked by Islamist insurgency.
President Uhuru said three floors at #Westgate mall collapsed in explosion.
According to the statement issued from State House, Museveni assured widows and orphans that the UPDF and the Government will look after them within the limited means and asked them not to be anxious on that scope.
The Bank of Uganda has started investigating all commercial bank charges in order to assess their impact on bank customers and viability to the economy following the recent traders’ strike.
Not only police but every job should serve mankind and humanity.
The 24 –year-old Ruth Ajambo, a resident of Bujangu village Banda sub county in Namayingo district, set herself ablaze after leaving home this afternoon to visit a neighbour; Odofi Onyango.
The New Vision is with Robert Ngobi.
Special #RIPAronda #GenArondaNyakairima tribute, including a MEMORIAL Poster.
I'll never forget this.
U apologize for the convenience caused.
Press firmly into an 11- to 13-inch pizza pan.
The New Vision is with Musa Majoba and 5 others.
Ng such nonsense,is enough evidence of the degree of madness in your shallow brains.
With 15,000 seat-capacity, is Pastor Imelda Namutebi’s new church the biggest in Uganda and in the region?
New Vision moves to reward women groups.
The New Vision is with Kilama Patrick and 3 others.
What is tele-medicine and what are the benefits of this method of treating patients?
Is it possible that the foreigners, if allowed, could push the locals out of business.
The era of the US global sea dominance – ensured by its 10 giant aircraft carriers – may come to an end, a study by respected Washington-based think tank warns.
Residents at the border town of Katuna were frustrated by the postponement of the opening of the border.
Beatles producer George Martin has passed away aged 90, it was reported by the cult band’s drummer Ringo Starr over Twitter.
The New Vision is with Adyeeri Maria Ninsiima and 3 others.
Its day 2 of the #HarvestMoneyExpo, Omara Joseph, a nurse from Pakwach is already here to learn more about farming.
Plz Give Sensible News.
They are not the ones that donated the mosque so what authority do they have to make demands?
Tell me how can I go about it?
As long as they use local labour and create jobs for graduates !
The New Vision is with Aine Nyeusi.
Millions of people infected with HIV around the globe keep the disease in check with so-called antiretroviral therapy (ARV), but the treatment does not rid patients.
Nambole stadium right now.
President Yoweri Museveni has reiterated NRM government’s commitment to skill Ugandans particularly the youth by establishing a technical school in every constituency in Uganda.
Tune in to @bukeddetv for inspirational tips from some of Uganda's successful individuals in the various fields starting this Friday, 10th December 2021.
Is spanking the way to discipline a child?
But where did all this start from?
<P>Rwanda enjoys a healthy cycling culture and runs an annual eight-day stage race the Tour of Rwanda around the hilly city of Kigali, and has been selected ahead of Morocco.
There is just a page on the website of the ministry, Sad.
What is Swiss keeper Diego Benaglio doing?
Fdc’S candidate for the Kasese Woman MP bye-election Winnie Kiiza polls 97,669 votes against NRM’s Rehema Muhindo’s 59,946 to win seat.
They need to score again!
The previous month, elders had ordered the man to sign an agreement promising he would not beat her again!
This immediate impression does well to conceal his physical deficiencies, well, until you start a conversation with him.
This is an open opportunity for you to become part of the world's biggest conglomerate and reach the peak of your career and in all works of life.
they are much safer there.
said CORD leader to the press.
So, whether you take a small step like signing up for a class or you dive head-first into entrepreneurship , roll up your sleeves and do it .
The theme of the dialogue will be Women and Youth Focused SMEs, Finance and Technology Options.
He becomes the second man in History to win a second Gold after the Olympics.
Get your copy today.
Go to Google playstore and search for VISION GROUP STORE, sign up and you can immediately access TODAY'S Paper and pay Using MTN or Airtel Mobile Money service.
throu out my professional life i have emphasized that the military must support the civilian goverment which has the support of the people.
This is not how they make sales.
Any hopes of Uganda’s getting more than one medal at the IAAF World Championships were blown away on Thursday after the remaining man standing Ronald Musagala failed to advance to the semifinal of the men’s 1500m.
The much anticipated joint appearance of the former Principal Accountant in the Office Prime Minister (OPM), Geoffrey Kazinda and Permanent Secretary Pius Bigirimana before the public accounts committee (PAC) is on today.
DP President; Nobert Mao has said.
Recently, I met a man online and decided to give it a try.
Spain and Australia bow out.
Each person had his or her picture taken by a professional photographer.
Stop exergurating your nonsense!
Dubai International remained the world's busiest airport last year with a 10.
Live updates from the CECAFA Cup final between Uganda''s Cranes and Kenya''s Harambee Stars.
Prayer is a personal issue.
We Wish them success in their resource accountability.
Turkey MPs in battle.
Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) will also use the money to work on various roads, streets and highways in the five divisions of Kampala City.
Mps Kyagulanyi, Zaake being funded by foreigners to destabilise Uganda — Museveni, details in the Saturday Vision.
Pope Francis: Presidential Candidates issue welcome notes.
Love is not enough, we need CHRIST love or what is called oftenly BIG LOVE!
Art was previously banned by al Shabaab.
The New Vision added a new photo.
Naturally a healthy sexual organ is one, most ladies desire and keeping it that way doesn't cost much but a conscious attempt to maintain the private area with balance PH level and loading up on these foods will keep it smelling good!
Visiting Sri Lankan minister of foreign affairs, Professor G.L. Peiris has pledged closer ties between his country and Uganda.
Go out, vote, as it is your right, but take responsibility to build the economy because no one will do it for us," - Pastor Kayanja also prayed against the demon of laziness & procrastination.
And still, others are taking distance from his record to stand out.
Bishop Edward Engena Maitum announces he has picked nomination forms to run for president.
My mandate has ended but my mission is not finished".
Remove chicken to a platter and keep warm.
Some private schools are exorbitantly charging parents, and in some cases charging five times higher than the official fees set by the Uganda National Examinations Board.
Two journalists were amond injured during the chaos.
Uganda Super League champions 2012, Express FC will open their 2013 CECAFA-Kagame Cup Club Championship ambitions against defending Tanzanian champions Yanga FC, on June 20 at the El Fasir ground in North Darfur.
Martin Kiiza, the polling official at Sir Tito Winyi polling station, said the confusion could not allow him to continue with the elections.
In a shallow dish or bowl, mix together the flour, salt, pepper and oregano.
An MoD spokesman said the two planes had been escorted by the RAF until they were out of the "UK area of interest".
Ugandan men have been urged to know their condom sizes.
The Private Sector Foundation Uganda has launched a partnership with Bird Uganda Safaris Limited, to establish 3,980 work opportunities.
This was revealed at the press briefing held by the organisers at Sheraton Kampala Hotel in the wee hours of Friday morning.
Why would a woman abandon such a baby?
They tried to convince me to join them, but I was hesitant because I had clients to attend to.
A Court assessor has asked court to acquit Geoffrey Kazinda the interdicted principal accountant in the Office of the Prime Minister (OPM).
She started speaking rudely to me and our sex life deteriorated.
The 'Besigye factor' is a subset of the Defiance factor, though Besigye initiated it in the party.
(Kasaija) There are concerns over depreciation of the shilling due to imports being more than exports.
The delegation of five African heads of state who are in Burundi to try and find a way through the political crisis there are now at the presidential palace in the capital, Bujumbura.
Internal bickering , factionalism and infighting inside the NRM is likely to cost the party votes at both parliamentary and local government levels in Buganda, Makindye East MP John Ssimbwa has warned in a letter to President Yoweri Museveni.
Japan builds sh356m science lab.
Share with us your eclipse experience and post pictures too if you caught some on camera.
Government directs districts to pay councilors.
The Heads of states of countries on the Northern Corridor are today having a high level meeting in NAIROBI.
Rugunda was received on arrival at Kigali International Airport on Tuesday evening by Uganda’s High Commissioner to Rwanda, Ambassador Richard Kabonero and other officials.
Your Favourite News Papers are now just a click away.
But instead wants aperson lyk Trump who can put afinger inside the leopards anus?
Cranes defender Hassan Wasswa could spend 20 years in jail if found guilty of drug trafficking in Turkey.
A China-developed coronavirus vaccine could be ready for the public as early as November, as the global race to clear the final round of trials heats up.
The New Vision is with Rutahigwa Johnson and 2 others.
What are friends for?
G is as fresh in our mind as their absurdities.
Vivo Energy and Vitol Aviation donate 1M USD towards the fight against #Ebola to the African Union private sector Ebola Fund.
This merry lot are enjoying the annual Beer Floating festival on the Vantaa River near #Helsinki, Finland.
Find out more details in the New Vision- https://vpg.
President Yoweri Museveni and former Prime Minister Amama Mbabazi have held talks to calm the political tension that is flaring within the ruling National Resistance Movement party ranks.
Robinah Nabbanja launched the distribution of COVID-19 relief cash to vulnerable Ugandans.
The 14 year old girl was rescued by residents who were returning from a party in Nawangisa, in Iganga district.
The Buganda cabinet meeting at Bulange has declared seven days of mourning in honour the royal tombs which were destroyed by a fire last night.
🕌 🕋 🙏🏿 #JumaKareem!
Tough faces but Vitendo Hovyo!
The delay of the payment of salaries has been caused by a thorough internal audit exercise of the payroll being carried out by the Ministry of Finance.
Pope Francis washed and kissed the feet of Muslim, Christian and Hindu refugees Thursday and declared them all children of the same God, as he performed a gesture of welcome and brotherhood at a time of increased anti-Muslim sentiment following the Brussels attacks.
The New Vision is with Mugabe Alex Kayabuki.
Do you expect the lowest prices from Shoprite this #BlackFriday and from which product(s)?
[Job OPPORTUNITY]: The New Vision Printing and Publishing Company Ltd is looking to recruit a dynamic, self motivated individual to fill the role of a DATA ANALYST.
I remember those days when he was the 4th Division Commander we would play cards at ''Embassy'' in Gulu.
Students of City High School Kololo pose for a pic with President Museveni.
Frank Lampard's Blues, playing away from Stamford Bridge, are wearing all-white today.
It was the perfect tonic for the Scot who had 2 months earlier, faced the backlash of a nation craving to qualify for the continent’s biggest showpiece after failing to beat Zambia in a marathon penalty shootout.
Kizito Mihigo has been on trial along with three co-accused on charges including conspiracy to murder, complicity in a terrorist act and conspiring against the government of Rwandan President Paul Kagame.
Several gunmen attacked innocent civilians, who were clearing bushes along the road, said Mohamed Adan, a local security official, saying eight people had been killed.
Witneseses say police is using axes to extract the dead, several people injured.
Muntu is the President of Uganda’s leading opposition party Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) and former Army commander.
Read about how she beat self-doubt to become a millionaire in Pakasa tomorrow only in The New Vision.
ithink in your entire life u never lost anyone that s why u call it a movie may god 4give you.
Have you gone to church today?
The pregnant woman, who stays in Gigiri, rushed home and shared the information with the family members.
She knelt down and pushed her baby boy on the street.
Or people who were taken as bead bodies were still alive and they needed first aid to pass out the water the inhaled , same as kato they say dead out side water, other wise bodies were to be recovered next day .
Get the Kabaka’s tribute inside today's paper.
babela balamu but after they start telling us how they r sick .
Kiprotich: This is our time as athletes.
In INFRASTRUCTURE : MPACT OF GOLD MINES ON THE ENVIRONMENT .
Museveni, who was chief guest at the institute’s graduation ceremony, also donated several tool kits and machineries to students who completed courses in various fields.
Gunmen have killed three local administrators in various parts of Burundi since Friday, officials said, in the latest episode of violence since President Pierre Nkurunziza ran for a third term in office that his opponents say was unconstitutional.
I know deep down it’s because I have really strong feelings for him and so I don't want things to end I equally don't want to be hurt again!
Get vaccinated at the closest verified health center.
Pope allows Ugandan priest to get married.
Ura to start tracking goods from Mombasa Uganda Revenue Authority (URA) would start tracking goods in-transit from the Mombasa port of Kenya, Commissioner in-charge of customs has said.
Facebook-Owned WhatsApp said it released an update to fix the vulnerability in the messaging app, used by 1.
She couldn't afford to educate all of us.
How many westerns are responsible for the more than 6 million death in DR Congo, or what about the Rote Armee Fraktion, or the IRA, or the ETA?
The Kampala metropolitan traffic Police boss, Lawrence Niwabiine, announced that they are embarking on an operation to arrest bodaboda cyclists carrying children to school especially those who pile them like luggage.
✍️ President Museveni announces that #Uganda's economy will be full reopened and schools reopened in a "staggered manner".
Moreover, the elderly do not work 4 that 25000k, do they?
Whenever I do something different, he gets angry and aggressive.
The Mediterranean nation of 60 million on Thursday overtook China as the global epicentre of COVID-19.
Meanwhile, was this fan on the left really thinking about Uganda cranes?
u cant fight the taliban with petcoat government.
We bring to you the details about the arrest, in today's New Vision.
Health ministry officials will monitor and oversee clinics and private hospitals to enforce the anti-FGM law that came into effect last Tuesday, the ministry said in a statement.
New Vision has details on this story.
The National Resistance Movement (NRM) presidential candidate, Yoweri Museveni, starts his scientific campaigns in Greater Mubende in the central region today.
Besides lacking the basic teaching skill, most S6 leavers have been implicated in sexual abuse against students.
Ugandans have been advised to adopt technological advancement in education, to help them cope with COVID-19 pandemic.
I was asked to blow into the breathalyser and just for the sake of it, I blew into it.
* Uganda doctors rank low in region* http://epaper.
<P>Officially the summit, which is being held online, is taking place to discuss the international calendar for both men's and women's football beyond 2024 and world football's governing body insists all scenarios remain open.
showing off with copying western culture.
I am a jelous God he says".
A 35-year-old man has allegedly been beaten to death by residents of a remote hill in Rubanda district.
U p,ple must be fare in these land issues,don't oppress others bcoz of bribe !
My name will be great among the nations, from where the sun rises to where it sets.
⚽️ #ManUtd glide to a morale-boosting 3-1 win against #Burnley on the eve of Sir Alex Ferguson's 80th birthday.
However, the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) found no evidence of genocide in Bosnian towns as the verdict was read out Thursday.
I have been in a relationship for one-and-a-half years.
Men who go bald on the crown of the head also have their risk of heart disease increased by a half, scientists have discovered.
Mass protests in #Burundi resume.
Photo: MPs and staff of #Uganda #Parliament tour a centre refurbished to accommodate their babies while they work.
The church was raising sh75m to buy land for a new church at Kabojja and over sh25m was raised on Saturday June 21.
🎥 Watch below 👇🏽 a sneak peek of what you will be reading about in this week's Sunday Vision Vision (December 12, 2021).
After 17 years at Makerere University, Prof.
"Our combat helicopters have inflicted losses in the ranks of the ADF (Allied Democratic Forces) and the operations are continuing," he said.
The seismological bureau in the eastern city of Nanjing has transformed seven animal farms into seismic stations, the China Daily newspaper reported last week.
Presidents; PaulKagame and Uhuru Kenyatta today used their National Identity cards for entry in Uganda, at Entebee International Airport, signaling the start of the new free movement of East African citizens within the East African Countries using natuional IDs or voters cards.
I lost my ticket where i had given it to GERMANY.
but someone ought to help me here.
A rare excess passenger on a boda boda trip to the City?
Who cares where rebels are buried?
One moment of complacency will set us going backwards," he said, stressing the need for leaders who are guided by the common good.
William Campbell, Satoshi Omura and Youyou Tu jointly won the 2015 Nobel prize for medicine or physiology for their work against parasitic diseases, the award-giving body said on Monday.
Buhari to concede defeat.
Don'T get the calculators out just yet!
The Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) has assured the public that all illegal structures in the city will be pulled down if the developers did not comply with the law.
Twenty-Four senior citizens, including 11 journalists, were awarded medals in recognition of their contribution to the nation in their professions.
But this makes me uncomfortable being in church knowing we have just been having sex and sometimes feeling wet with his cum returning.
Avoid the scandal of airport bishops," he said.
#Choosepirelli #ChooseCityTyres: To enter the draw of winning a place on this luxurious trip to attend the Formula One finale at the Yas Marina in Abu Dhabi, buy four Pirelli Tires of any segment from City Tyres and get a coupon that will be entered into a raffle draw.
🤣 Comedian Chiko is threatening to find whoever declared him pregnant.
Deep breathing for a few minutes a day is like massage for your internal organs.
Almighty and everlasting God, You are strength to those who suffer and comfort to those who grieve.
Extra heed should be taken to completely stop this epidemic in the country.
#Nigerian village hunters kill 75 #BokoHaram, recapture Adamawa town using spears, sticks, bows & arrows.
I grew up seeing my mother do several things to earn money and this afforded us a comfortable life.
"Never let pride be your guiding principle.
"As long as we can eat and sleep".
Looking at the 1st half, who do you think will get a goal in the 2nd half?
hes now far well off than me who went till university.
Firefighters from Nairobi emergency department responded and were able to put out the fire.
Nrm elections cannot fail to be violent.
That'S good,but land grabbers,are out to take it all,no compromise.
The New Vision added 9 new photos — at Nile Avenue.
Our investigation team has been on ground to reveal these shocking details.
Parliament has asked the Executive to prepare a statement to explain the causes of Rwanda’s hostility towards Uganda.
This can't put food on my table!
Eastern black rhinos and the Northern white rhinos to be re-introduced in Uganda's wild.
Comments like "What a stupid thing to do"!
Fiona is the frequent flyer, what airline is this that strips down passengers prior to boarding?
We give You all the glory and honour, in Jesus' name, amen.
In a country where the President spends over 6 Billion on 2 Cars, the Prime minister spends 600 Million to buy a car, Over 80 Billion on Presidential Jet, over 700 Million Dollars spent on fighter jets, with a cabinet of more than 70 ministers some of whom have openly stated that they are idle, with over 300 MPs and more still to come.
Stop time wasting,what z your next take?
Lesson: When you are owned ( paid for),you are a slave in any language.
surrounded by our family".
Our currency has lost value.
Stephen Kiprotich tries out his brand new Mitsubishi Pajero handed to him by President Yoweri Museveni at Rwakitura today.
Golola beat the Egyptian in a unanimous four round middleweight international boxing contest at Hilton Hotel on Friday.
It's a shame, there is no fairness in that.
Today IN HISTORY: University of East Africa opens offices in Uganda.
Bukenya stop wasting our time-we have no tym to waste with offlayers .
“We'Ll ensure people enjoy music while seated.
Ykee Benda entertains Twins at the #TwinsFestival in Namboole Stadium.
New EC boss speaks out on electoral reforms,Besigye and more-Read story in the Sunday Vision-https://vpg.
Oh my God Have Mercy.
I wish u the best owek.
Noorullah Shirzada, a freelance photographer who collaborates with AFP in Afghanistan, talks about how he came across this startling image of a teacher giving classes in the open air outside a brick factory.
The New Vision is with Faith Amongin and 3 others.
Do we not have one plan too many already.
Kabaka Ronald Muwenda Mutebi II Wednesday gave the new Katikkiro Charles Peter Mayiga the royal mace (Ddamula) as a symbol of authority.
World Vision Uganda (WVU), in consultation with the Ministry of Health, have developed information education communication (IEC) materials aimed at scaling up the uptake of life saving commodities.
Since Mumbere was caged Kasese is now calm.
Across from the Red Fort of the Mughal emperors in the heart of Old Delhi, a small hospital run by followers of the Jain faith looks after birds battered by harsh life in the Indian capital.
The New Vision is with Asia Dons and Nsibirwa Fatumah.
Countries that signed the treaty creating the International Criminal Court must continue to honour their obligations, the United Nations has said.
For your information, fleas are ubiquitous to koalas!
Breaking: Former Zimbabwe's leader Robert Mugabe is dead, the government has confirmed.
Embrace your sisters happiness and celebrate joyfully with her.
It’s a great way to meet new people, and discover new positions that you may be suitable for.
"Girls should avoid dressing up in trousers, as this culture is not Islamic," said Sheikh Ibrahim Byomuhangi as he led Eid Adha prayers at Kirigime Mosque.
Govt urged to boost Export Promotions Board-https://vpg.
· Dissolve the salt in cold, boiled water and pour into the already formed kitaama.
Congs to Ug, Cathy kip up with the updates.
The president of the People’s Progressive Party, Jaberi Bidandi Ssali, who was involved in a car accident on Saturday evening, is improving, according to his assistant.
Granted, I did read it in two nights; but, while I'm a unapologetic fan of thrillers, Meloy's novel is something else, something trickier to characterize.
Never d less big is big.
The MoD said: "RAF Quick Reaction Alert Typhoon fighter aircraft were launched [on Wednesday] after Russian aircraft were identified flying close to UK airspace.
Peru is in the midst of an emergency as two rivers in the Amazon basin are now contaminated with 3,000 barrels of crude oil after the country’s main pipeline burst.
although the police's investigations should be respected, bearing in mind that we have no control over God's will since we are humans!
Kids start developing their sense of self as babies when they see themselves through their parents' eyes.
Beauty sleep is real - scientists found that faces of well-rested people look younger and are more attractive than sleep-deprived people.
Their economy is dependent on arms sales.
Read a book "THE GREAT WAR FOR CIVILISATION, THE CONQUEST OF THE MIDDLE EAST" by Robert Fisk.
According to statement released by Ofwono Opondo, the government spokesperson, the directive has been necessitated by the need to allow voters cast their ballots without any interference.
Tell them you already got them a gift and let them guess what it is.
The New Vision is with Kigongo Ssebalamu.
Tusker Project Fame Auditions.
The New Vision is with Amos Jr Ahabwe and 41 others.
Independent Presidential candidate, Joseph Kabuleta has said that the NRM government has failed to fight corruption which is affecting the development of Uganda.
A frantic manhunt was on Sunday for two convicted murderers who busted out of New York state''s biggest maximum security prison.
You deserve a unique event: come and check out the "Unik Functions" stall.
Well-Wishers could deposit any assistance to Faridah Nakazibwe's number 0782649931 or to account No.
The European Commission believes a standard cable for all devices will cut back on electronic waste, but Apple argues that a one-size fits all charger would slow innovation and create more pollution.
“They tried four times to put me back on the plane to get rid of me but I shouted and played tricks until the plane left without me,” he said.
Galiwango dragged FUFA executive led by the president Lawrence Mulindwa to court contending that their continued stay in office is illegal, null and void.
Might the weather gods have something to say in this tie?
Many of the victims are children and women," Anirudh Kumar, a senior official at Bihar's diaster management agency, told AFP.
What'S the difference between drinking early in the morning by peasants and boozing on the plane.
Find out who in Eastern region is leading and who is trailing - in today's Sunday Vision.
President Yoweri Museveni gives a Thumbs Up sign after he took his First Selfie .
It is double the bundle of joy, but also double the work and costs.
According to the guidelines, which New Vision has obtained, students will have restricted movement during the time at the institution, to prevent the spread of the pandemic.
Over 100 children poisoned.
Are you new in business?
Grab yourself a copy of the New Vision #EPAPER via-https://t.
Stop eating things anyhow!
The deceased students were Kenyans.
Sorry they are missing .
Find out what they have said in New Vision.
Since she was a child, Sylvie O’Leary’s life has been darkened by her sister’s murder.
Cover skillet; simmer chicken 10 minutes, turning once, until no longer pink and juices run clear.
Read counselor's response here:.
Obote was one of the most gifted leaders Uganda has ever had.
Uganda the Pearl of Africa was the very first African nation a Roman Pontiff ever visited.
Respect to Serey Die.
Among them are Maj.
as for Iran, it's military is full of old Russian military hardware and subs.
The Gov't & the National Forestry Authority (NFA) have disagreed on the state of the Mabira forest land that is supposed to be given to a sugar firm.
Ura unearths people trafficked in containers.
Grab yourself a free copy of 'THE BEAT' in the New Vision this Friday-https://vpg.
Tiger Woods' most recent victory was at the 2019 Zozo Championship in #Japan.
Your height is usually determined by your father.
Check out and like Pakasa Vision for more.
Menacing storm clouds gather over green fields and quiet roads, about to embark on a path of destruction.
and may the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with us today.
The refurbishment of a Senior Three dormitory at St. Bernard’s SS –Mannya, which was gutted by fire in November last year, has been completed.
Read about how one man’s perseverance has kept a dream alive amidst seemingly insurmountable odds in today's Pakasa only in The New Vision.
The New Vision is with Ssekitooleko Emmanuel and Bwambale Muhesi Bagaya Jeremiah.
#Newvisiontv A man with visual impairment caused a stir in court on Friday morning.
What do u expect him to use to put up a new latrine ?
<P><Em>The health ministry is working with partners and the leadership of KCCA, and Wakiso and Mukono districts.
Bride and Groom Expo is here!
50 billion to UDBL for capitalization in next financial year.
Mbarara Taxi drivers heed to the President's directive of suspending public transport for 14 days in the fight against #COVID19UG.
Recently, ex LRA rebel commander Domnic #Ongwen surrendered, and was handed over to the ICC for trial.
In The New Vision Today,Torture Maid faces 15 years in Jail, Kasiwukira Murder: Widow charged, Kazinda sues Bigirimana and much more.
Wooow Congs Uganda Cranes.
Now he wants Tugume.
In addition, eating lunch keeps your metabolism active, especially if you have a moderately sized meal and a snack before and afterward.
The New Vision is with Destiny Andrew Morganz and Napoleon Amon Bornaparte.
🎾 TENNIS: Uganda miss cut for continental tourney 👉http://bit.
why cant they combine their brain?
President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni opens several factories in Jinja and Buikwe districts.
The #BGExpo2016 Countdown is ON - '3 DAYS to GO.
Photos of Ugandans, at Entebbe INternational airport, returning home for the festive season.
We wish him a complete recovery and a quick resumption of his duties at the Bank.
Okawa turns 117 on Thursday.
The visibility of a line, print or the entire thing itself arouses much curiosity.
Updf went to Congo to capture camp or ADF rebels?
The plan has been integrated into the National El-Nino preparedness and Contingency Plan coordinated by the Office of the Prime Minister (OPM).
Police on Thursday afternoon fired volleys of tear gas at a Kibuli based Muslim faction led by Sheik Zubair Kayongo as they marched to the national mosque to protest againt the elections of muslim leaders.
Dont miss your copy of the 'BUSINESS VISION' in the New Vision tomorrow.
The arrogant world police is crippled by shambolic domestic dysfunction.
Sincerly dont t we also have South Africans here in Uganda so that we or I start serious revenge omn them?
Hundreds of people turned up for the burial of New vision Photo journalist, Mubiru Kakebe on Friday, March,14,2014 at Mayirikiti, Kitagobwa,wakiso district.
N.R.M has offices everywhere in the country, whats wrong with F.D.C opening up offices too?
It'S easy to get in a diet rut, even if you're loading up on flavorful fruits and veggies.
Youths clashed with security forces in Burkina Faso early Tuesday at the start of a week of protests over a move to let the country's long-serving president extend his rule beyond 30 years.
The New Vision is with Eragon Kishan and 3 others.
The National Housing and Construction Corporation (NHCC) will compensate the residents currently living on its disputed land at Kasokoso in Kireka, Wakiso district.
Deadline FOR APPLICATIONS IS: 14th June, 2019.
#Argentina have reached their fifth World Cup final and their first in 24 years.
The New Vision is with Arap-mali Patrick and Chelimo Emmanuel.
President Kagame instead of congratulating his friend to be mentioned among the 12 good presidents in the world,he just came up with such backward ideas.
While offering basic needs to needy people, aid workers are also crying out for protection from host governments.
Find out the details in New Vision-https://vpg.
He is a strict, but loving and caring man.
We can't wait for all 100 employees to first eat katogo for 2 hrs each.
1991: Rebels firing from military tanks captured Addis Ababa in a dawn battle ending a 17-year Marxist rule.
The permanent secretary in the ministry of health Dr. Asuman Lukwago says the National Advisory Committee on medical equipment rejected the equipment because it was of poor quality.
you can have a long nap and return about half-midnight http://j.
Cows, camels, goats and sheep are traditionally slaughtered on this holy day.
This follows the findings by the task force set up by NCHE to establish whether or not KIU met the required minimum standards to award the degrees.
But since it was done by Harvard Medical School, then it only concerns the bazungus.
Uganda is in the process of developing a National Urban Policy that will provide a framework for urbanization and streamline the management of urban growth and development across the country.
The campaign dubbed “kigungo” started at Holy Family Catholic Parish Namayumba Thursday, during the campaign archbishop Lwanga said that this year on October 18, the Catholic Church will celebrate Golden Jubilee of the Uganda Martyrs, and he asked every Christians to look on her/his behavior to see that we wish to celebrate.
The army is stronger than the head of state.
Angela Kiryabwire was the chairperson of the board.
Screw NCHE,they r all stuck on their old british system wc wz dropped long ago.
She is a good drummer and likes stumping on trees in excitement or just to simply stir up the group to fight.
Send us birthday greetings (&funny pictures) of your loved ones born on October 9th.
The New Vision is with Wasswa Arafat and Okello Jonathan.
This could probably be one of the best kept secrets in Uganda.
#God iz gret he have had ur cry,but dont arrest #innocent people.
Palestinians n Jews r cut from da same cloth, got da same temperament n ALL God's #Chosen #People!
"This is my moment.
let the Nigas respect legal tender,break and bring Mutebire's hard cash back into circulation.
The coup was Thailand's first non-constitutional change of government in fifteen years.
He will also be responsible for demanding accountability of all funds spent on the conference.
Using embryonic stem cells from mice, Chinese scientists reported Thursday they have created functioning sperm, which was injected into female mice eggs and resulted in normal, fertile offspring.
What they had to say about the late Robert 'Soggy' Seguya 🕊️ 🕯️ Rest in Peace!
Irene Paulene Batebe and Francis Twinamatsiko.
Learn a lot from him in today’s PAKASA.
So justice is only measured when they rule in favour of you and impunity is only measured when it's not ur favour.
Man united should be discontinued!
Every academic year, Kasese suffers an exodus of thousands of bright school children to reportedly “better schools” in other districts.
Felix is that you?
Ra if you load #400naira credit or #3000naira if you load #750 naira credit.
Alert: Dear readers, this is fake news!
M7 pliz mind ur biz esp.
Credit to Lyon for stopping the man who runs like a Jeep in his tracks.
But the European Union has other plans for Kaabong district.
Borussia Dortmund pair Jadon Sancho and Manuel Akanji have been fined for having haircuts at home.
Should independent legislators be kicked out of Parliament?
How is Domnic Ongwen ?
Read details of the fraud;.
What else would you like us to add to the re-designed New Vision?
Icc, may be they have come to arrest him.
#Totofestival: Fresh Kid is among the artistes that are lined up to entertain children, friends and guardians at the festival.
There Must be hidden agenda, very soon we'll hear the trumpet their days are numbered.
But I knew I was training for a purpose.
The New Vision added a cover video.
I start to blush," said Bozdag, who is a member of Erdogan's ruling Islamist-rooted AK Party.
Karim Benzema fires Real Madrid level with La Liga leaders Real Sociedad.
Nigeria tried it en they won AFCON.
Oulanyah further states in his affidavit that his wife had denied him conjugal rights since February 2015.
size of farm .
Which kind of #ADF awaits for #UPDF to construct roads before they are confronted?
We have naturally beautiful bodies.
(Cnn) – President Obama stunned tourists and others outside of the White House as he decided to take a stroll to the nearby Interior Department, accompanied by his sizable security detail.
A doctor and a hospital attendant have been arrested for the alleged rape of a woman who was being treated at a top hospital in western India, a police officer said Friday.
Is this bloc still relevant today?
Latest UPDATE: Miss Uganda Quiin Abenakyo makes it through to the top 12 finalists in the #MissWorld2018 competitions, the pageant grand finale is underway in Sanya, China.
The remarks were made last week by finance state minister Matia Kasaija in justifying the sh16b government intends to give to unemployed graduates to start income-generating activities.
It'S better to be done after birth.
None are accused of being the gunmen in the mall.
There Is no religion higher than truth.
The Vice President EdwardSsekandi has said that abolishing death penalty for capital offenders needs sensitization so that the victims and those affected by such crimes and the community can appreciate such a move.
Rubaramira Ruranga has described people getting infected with HIV today as being "reckless".
I guess the best peace is that out of death but not by God rather men who dislike what you do And how can allah be great when rather men going round defending him.
How unregistered SIM - cards and companies affect business.
Also, what you should know about Albinism Day.
Time check: 3pm and the usual #KlaTrafficFrustration is back, especially along the Kampala-Jinja Highway.
As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts.
The build-up may have been overshadowed by the actions and reactions of a certain Uruguay number nine, but it is 24 long years since Colombia made it to the knockout stages of the World Cup finals.
@Rhif We’re celebrating #SickleCell Awareness month… You should too!
Pedestrians and workers pass an upside down car art installation in a car park on the South Bank in London, February 19, 2015.
E.g in Uganda, people from the west and the baganda address northerners as "bakooko" and "badookolo" respectively, which is derogatory.
Cook for 1 minute or until fragrant.
Ngora, in the eastern region, was among the worst-performing districts in last year’s primary leaving examinations with only 2.
Add to batter along with salt.
Police spokesperson Fred Enanga confirmed that the duo recorded statements and had since been released unconditionally.
Nda impounds drugs worth sh163.
Patrick Ssenyonjo, popularly known by his stage name Fresh Kid, on Thursday officially enrolled at Kampala Parents School for studies.
The creation of new districts does not lead to increase in service delivery since government cannot afford to build more service units, finance minister Maria Kiwanuka has said.
8 trillion to fight AIDS.
The Police have arrested 3 suspected motorcycle thieves & also recovered 7 suspected stolen motorcycles, breaking implements & motorcycle spare parts.
The joint security team will also crackdown on bodabodas defying SOPs.
Can we promote our own customs and traditions.
They should also let the banks avail our credit balances!
In two years, Nakabuye has constructed a fully furnished library, expanded both the boys’ and girls’ dormitories, built a science laboratory and connected the school to piped water.
We are globally informed.
Uganda votes 2011: Updates http://ow.
He is a human being not an offense to be on Facebook wama you're super and updated.
The rest is non of my business.
1 billion euro development budget offered by Germany as compensation for an early 20th century genocide by colonial troops was 'not enough'.
Descendants of conquistadors and savages.
Coming in the The Kampala Sun.
The 'posh house' in Nangwe village in Busia district that has landed bodaboda rider Daniel Musitwa in trouble.
65 babies are being born daily infected with HIV and 80,000 children living with HIV are not accessing ARVs though they are readily available in the country.
Kenyan security agencies place Sh20M bounty on wanted Al Shabaab militant behind #GarissaAttack #GarissaAttack.
Disgruntled home supporters have seen their team outplayed by Ghana, who are leading 3-0 through goals from brothers Jordan and Andre Ayew and Mubarak Wakaso.
The New Vision is with Andama Julius Olum and Alex Sayor.
The Kenya Petroleum Refineries Ltd (KPRL) last week warned that it could soon be unable to refine petroleum products owing to severe financial constraints, a development that could affect Kenya and its landlocked neighbours including Uganda, Rwanda and Burundi, according to media reports.
Clinical trials for the drug are expected to start in October at Mulago Hospital.
Sunderland'S sacking of Gus Poyet.
Officials from Makerere University have been grilled for giving contradicting statements in relation to the $6m regional centre for a crop improvement project.
The New Vision added 9 new photos — with Apollo Kansiime Burinkonde and 6 others at Baltic Sea.
Find out what it means for the contributors, only in New Vision.
The affected are Theodore Sekikubo (Lwemiyaga), Mohammed Nsereko (Kampala Central), Wilfred Niwagaba (Ndorwa East) and Barnabas Tinkasimire (Buyaga).
The New Vision is with Max Adii.
Are you looking for a New Baker?
9 million citizens being registered, 14.
United NATIONS - Between 400-500 bodies have reportedly been taken to hospitals in South #Sudan's capital after clashes between rival army factions, a UN official told the UN Security Council on Tuesday.
Let stand for 5 minutes.
We are fighting for democracy," he said.
Ethan has received a letter saying stop, stop, stop.
#Tpf6 Host Dr. Mich Egwang entertaining the crowd before the show kicks off.
The body of the Rwandan who was killed at the border was handed over to the authorities in Rwanda by a delegation from Uganda.
Let deal with traders seriously food locally available y hike prices?
People affected by the oil and gas exploration have reason to smile after the government released money for compensation.
Praise your child the first time he tries to talk about his feelings instead of just reacting.
The permanent Secretary of the ministry, Pius Bigirimana who passed the directive noted that these organisations have failed to comply with the law yet they were served with notices in 2014 which were extended to February 28 this year but they failed to comply.
The New Vision is with Prince K Muhammed.
Grab a copy of New Vision for a free Infrastructure pullout.
<P><Em>"You were a great friend, team-mate, coach, the list is endless; but above all, you made a great difference in our lives".
The Police have heavily deployed around City House, where the Democratic Party (DP) headquarters are situated.
Four-Time NBA champion and Olympic gold medal winner Manu Ginobili of Argentina was among the first-time nominees for the Basketball Hall of Fame.
A topsy turvy month for the Cranes has seen Uganda slip 4 places in the latest FIFA Coca-Cola world rankings.
Looks to be very dangerous driving road!
If I stumble in them, forgive me Father.
That must be a result of free things, free water and free illegal connection of power; that must be the course of that fire .
Place the skewers on the grill.
#Facebook has pledged to invest at least $1 billion to support journalism over the next three years.
The former Makerere University research fellow was sentenced to 18 months in jail over cyber harassment.
Think back to the first year of your relationship and write down all the things you used to do for your partner.
The bilateral agreement banned medium-range missiles with ranges between 500 and 5,500 km (300 to 3,400 miles).
The New Vision is with Napoleon Amon Bornaparte.
That is a tie.
Is your smartphone listening to you?
What do you -) deep in your heart think about leaving power?
ug/ more or stories or recieve lated news updates on your phone by typing "News" and send to 8338.
Opinion | Are our foot soldiers equipped for this COVID-19 war?
Presentations will focus on challenges, recommendations and lessons from local initiatives in the construction industry in Uganda.
Two million women from Uganda will be selected to join the African Women Speak Digital Networking Platform Project.
Interdicted Mulago Pathologist, Dr. Sylvester Onzivua acted normally by taking body samples of the late Butaleja Woman Member of Parliament Cerinah Nebanda, court heard Thursday.
Fourty odds years down, this man has become one of the most influential businessmen in the world.
#Rushhourtusimbudde : Ssenga Hamidah on recent increase on break ups in relationships.
That is they know only passing no sense laws uganda God open our eyes we are stili in darkness.
The picture depicts Bachman crouching over the carcass of a male lion with its eyes closed, paws either side of its head, as she holds her gun and smiles toothily.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.
FUFA publicist Rogers Mulindwa said today at FUFA House in Mengo.
Au has also directed that Deputy President of Kenya; Williams Ruto should not be tried at the ICC.
For deatils, 👉 #EPAPER: is.
Please share with us here or on 0787625469 about the current situation where you are.
To participate in the #Bestfarmer competition, a person should be a practicing farmer and earning money from the farm.
<P><Em>At the beginning of September, six Palestinian inmates escaped Gilboa prison in Israel's north.
It's security personnel that are killing and kidnapping citizens!
389 military personnel received the Luwero Medal while 198 people received the Damu medal awarded to members of the military.
Sometimes when u go for annual leave.
A frantic manhunt was on Sunday for two convicted murderers who busted out of New York state's biggest maximum security prison by cutting through cell walls with power tools and escaping along tunnels.
How will this money be utilized and who will benefit from it?
The delayed release of the Kasubi Tombs fire report has affected the reconstruction plans of the cultural site according to Mengo.
Follow this link to read details;.
President Barack Obama won re-election to a second term in the White House on Tuesday, television networks projected.
In 2011, there were over five million incidents of violence against women, according to Centre for Domestic Violence Prevention (CEDOVIP) and Makerere University Economic Policy Research Centre study.
He is a Pope for all.
Two million Ugandan women?
Former Secretary to the Judiciary Kagole Kivumbi has succumbed to the COVID-19 virus.
The couple had announced on November 30 that they were expecting their second child.
What a brave man.
I want to have children,but i do not want to quit the relationship.
The Young Entreprenuers Session just ended at Serena.
Muslims across the world are preparing to celebrate annual festival of Eid al-Adha or the festival of sacrifice which marks the end of the Hajj pilgrimage to Mecca and commemorates prophet Abraham's readiness to sacrifice his son to show obedience to God.
Emergency crews have arrived.
The festival is happening at Namboole stadium with entrance fee being Sh10, 000.
The New Vision is with Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex.
“We want our small channels like Kiyanja, and Nsoba to be widened so that water can flow without causing problems for us.
For the first time ever, thank you New Vision.
How do they have meals at school with masks on?
The New Vision is with Rav Schifa Sharifa.
Father’S day: What have you learnt from your father?
All details in the New Vision.
The hunt for bargains makes consumers vulnerable to unscrupulous business people who ride on legitimate sales promotions to cheat unsuspecting victims.
But Me I don't think private parts can eat these foods it is like wastage.
Read more in Saturday Vision.
Carol was to be taken to united states but this queer government sabotaged it and instead opted for India yet the money was raised by the well wishers.
Be checking my timeline.
It will provide guidance to implement the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development to improve economic outcomes for women and promote women's leadership in driving sustainable and inclusive, environmentally sensitive economic growth.
The Justice Forum Political party commonly known as JEEMA, has called for a constitution amendment ahead of the 2016 general elections to have the speaker and deputy speaker of parliament lose their political party seats once elected to such positions.
Little did he know security was following him.
Grab a copy of the Saturday Vision for the free pullout.
At least 20 UPDF soldiers deployed to retrieve the bodies of people buried by the landslide in Bududa have reportedly contracted diarrhoea.
Hooliganism like , making a fellow citizen naked coz that person doesn’t support what you support, blocking roads and making users which are not even strangers but fellow countrymen and women pay to use them , looting .
"It is not what you say, or wish, or hope or intend, it is only what you do that counts".
The ICT Minister, Dr Chris Baryomunsi, said Cabinet has supported the idea of barring those who are not vaccinated from accessing government ofﬁces or any other public place.
Madrid - A 27-year-old Moroccan man suffocated to death while trying to illegally enter Spain hidden inside a suitcase in the trunk of a car, police said Monday.
Bajjo was in Mpigi on his debut youth empowerment programme that he says will expand to all other parts of Uganda in abid to find out youth problems.
Police in Wakiso on Tuesday impounded a truck registration number UG 6495 M belonging to the ministry of health that was loaded with building materials.
Former Toro premier John Katuramu awaits Museveni pardon after families reconciled.
He was a second year Bachelor of Tourism student at Makerere University.
Did you know that as many as three million Ugandans have a hearing disability that affects their integration into wider society?
those condoms aren't small at all !
Bunyoro Kitara diocese gets new bishop.
He also owns commercial real estate.
Un inspectors leave Syria amid fears of US attack.
Provisional results show that he gained 59% of the vote, extending his family's 48-year hold on power.
Four opposition parties under the Inter-Party Co-operation (IPC) on December 18, 2009, vowed to boycott all activities organised by the Electoral Commission until electoral reforms were put in place.
If the government is blaming the Police on the Central Bank investigations, what is the Police’s reaction?
The New Vision is with Kamara Zepher.
Outgoing FDC party leader Dr. Kizza Besigye has vowed never to contest for the presidency as long as Museveni is still the head of state.
7b from the company.
Even the most seasoned parent needs a little help sometimes.
After three days, Nsimenta says, the nurse got them a body from the mortuary.
Burundi president says all protests against his third term bid are illegal.
You should know the ins and outs of every company that you apply to before you even submit an application or resume.
Doctors announce that the cause of death is ACUTE HEART FAILURE.
Over 170000 Crime Preventers Passed.
Covid-19 Resurgence Plan: Ministry of Health needs sh1.
It involves degeneration of the joints in the body, leading to symptoms like joint pain and stiffness.
Because of the Love to the Holy Father.
It’s a catch-22 that has left the authorities mind-frozen for answers.
I was walking through a supermarket Monday morning this week when I noticed people in the aisle the route ahead of me parting slowly, reverently almost.
If that all sounds familiar, consider using your commute time for the same purpose.
Another good method of transmitting diseases.
Ugandan based, South Korean national – Soon Yeon Hong, the building proprietor noted that more housing projects are needed to keep up with the exploding Ugandan population.
I will hide in garbage and emerge at the finishing time like the kenyan man!
Members of Parliament want the Inspector General of Government (IGG) to concentrate on big cases rather than being bogged down by “minor” cases that involve small amounts of money.
The Pope said he was resigning because his age prevented him from carrying out his duties.
Whether you take a walk in the park, get a massage or [take] a hot bath, it's important to always set aside an hour a week to do something for yourself.
Come and get inspired.
Maxime who crashed and was rushed to hospital disclosed to New Vision yesterday that doctors have recommended a three-week rest for his recovery.
God grant him enternal peace.
He said he will open an account at US-sanctioned Rossiya Bank.
They started communicating through calling and texting each other.
Christians are not safe in the hand of Su called jihadis and aerial bombing of the jihadis is unhealthy its kills I descriminately.
Below is what the two said about Bernhard Glaser, who they referred to as Bery.
Wake Up and Live!
Go go Mutesi till u get there.
Mpumwire dismissed the notion that Rotary, a global organization, was a preserve of wealthy people.
David Tinyefunza to engage in dialogue with KCCA Executive Director Jennifer Musisi over the impending eviction from the Mayor's house http://see.
He was born in Uganda but his family left when he was a boy, following Amin’s decision to expel Asians.
Moses Byaruhanga, advisor office of the president of the Republic of Uganda, Dr. Louis Kasekende, Deputy Governor Bank of Uganda & Robert Kabushenga at the #HarvestMoneyExpo.
we are 4 peace please.
Kagame was received at Entebbe International airport by the foreign affairs minister, Sam Kutesa and minister for the presidency, Frank Tumwebaze.
Bricks for the slum’s growth are made and dried in the railway line.
Dan Kidega, Nusura Tiperu, Margaret Zziwa, Mukasa Mbidde, Susan Nakawuki, Dora Byamukama, Opoka Okumu, Bernard Mulengani and Mike Sseablu all elected to the East African Legislative Assembly.
He wants Christians to hold both ceremonies on the same day to cut costs.
Maama Fiina talks about her romantic love affair with Major Kiggundu.
• Flag off by Kampala Archbishop Cyprian Lwanga at 8.
Western allies on Thursday rejected Russia's attempt to thwart Ukraine's NATO ambitions and urged Moscow to return to French- and German-mediated talks to defuse growing tensions on the Russia-Ukraine border.
Great idea but every child matters and not just the girl child alone.
However, the Prime Minister, Ruhakana Rugunda issued a new statement saying that only bags of 30 microns and below are forbidden.
Maxence Hamard never used to spend much time thinking about French society, but all that changed dramatically one month ago when Islamist attackers wrought terror in Paris over three, long days.
They are hosting Kitara now at Lugogo.
By teaching them to take charge little by little, you can encourage them to become confident, self-sufficient professionals.
Oyo omusungu abonyabonya abantu lwaki ye ttadayo wabwe?
Travel arrangements are in final stages for the 153 fans sponsored by President Yoweri Museveni to travel to Morocco for Uganda’s World Cup match against Senegal.
He said priests are supposed to serve the Church and do not need saucepans since they do not cook food for themselves.
The Hottest device in town is now available at all Infinix branded outlets.
The State Minister for Youth Evelyn Anite has this morning launched the Pakasa Youth Award at Kampala Parents School.
She will not let her mother go even when she beckons her to join her siblings in play.
For details of marathon, kilometre by kilometre.
A nurse who was making a scheduled check on patients was, however, shocked to find two patients making love on a hospital bed in one of the wards in the Lagos Hospital.
Today'S QUOTE: "Government is a core of the problems we face".
Court orders Tororo investor to pay sh30b to Fang Fang proprietor.
Spurs began the campaign by setting an unusual record.
According to spokesman Martin Nesirky, the UN may not respond favourably to the African Union´s insistence that President Uhuru Kenyatta skip the ICC trial.
Special Report: Gold wakes up small village in Namayingo .
#BeTheJudge How did he performance?
"It’S sad the fifth person has died because the emergency team delayed to reach Kabale on Friday".
I think we have taken this privatization thing too far!
Three suspects have been arrested over the gruesome murder of an 8-year old girl who was defiled and strangled during night prayers at Pastor Wilson Bugemebe's church.
“The President’s intention of reciting 'Mpa Enkoni' was to emphasize African values to the youth and not for votes,” a statement signed by Tamale Mirundi, the press secretary, said: http://cot.
⚽️ Less than two weeks before the Copa America's scheduled start, #Argentina🇦🇷 is under a nine-day lockdown and experiencing record daily #coronavirus infections.
That day of buddo fire can never go out of my head, I remember the pain that swung into our hearts.
Young kids learn a lot about how to act by watching their parents.
Let your will be done in my life father.
Upc Secretary General Edward Sseganyi has this evening succumbed to oesophagus cancer at Mulago hospital according to UPC chief administrator Higenyi Kemba.
Details in the Sunday Vision 👉 #EPAPER: https://is.
The EU aviation safety agency said on Tuesday it was closing European airspace to Boeing 737 MAX aircraft after two fatal crashes of the model within five months.
The New Vision is with Amuku Richard and 5 others.
Expect nude protest from de pipo of kapchorwa.
Yellow fever outbreak in Angola that began late last year has killed 158 people, up from 50 a month ago, as deaths from the disease transmitted by mosquitoes accelerate, a World Health Organisation official said on Friday.
He killed dozen millions of people.
Mrs. Museveni called upon the parents, communities and the local leaders to step up the protection of children and bring back the communal upbringing.
Part of the delegation led by Yufnalis Okubo- IGAD Legal Counsel, arrived in the country on Thursday and the remaining members are expected to arrive in Kampala on Monday next week.
No one can stop you from doing anything that is on your mind.
Museveni told Frank Nsereko that he needed his support towards fighting Obote’s government.
The New Vision is with Nagudi Priscilla Murunga and 2 others.
The first non-British Speaker of Parliament of Uganda, Narendra M. Patel who was among the Asians expelled by Idi Amin in 1972 has called for a restoration of his Ugandan nationality.
All his characters are larger than life, and yet he pays respect to their ambiguities.
She should be arrested immediately.
~ The Yoruba say, But to be without a friend is to be poor indeed.
A total of 5,144 illegal firearms were burned at the Regional Police Traffic Training Centre in Ngong, #Kenya🇰🇪.
Trace Studios has taken over distribution of a Ugandan made film: ‘Kony: Order from Above’.
So why arrest Nambooze?
Thats why we no longer want Bosco.
"I am a gentleman and I wont fight them.
How is your morning?
' Trade and industry minister Amelia Kyambade has retracted her scathing utterances against KCCA Executive Director Jennifer Musisi over the Centenary Park demolition saying she was misinformed.
Just leave it for God, yo doing nothing surely.
Love is undefined u elite .
President Yoweri Museveni has downplayed concerns about his health, telling members of the NRM National Executive Committee (NEC) to "ignore" sensational reports by a local tabloid about the gravity of the injury to his right hand.
I remember when I went to mukono police to report my case and a police lady took bribe from my husband.
This is contrary to what the lands ministry promised in May last year when the computerised land registry system started.
When you have it in plenty, you can keep it in a deep freezer for about two months.
Access your copy of the New Vision #EPAPER here -https://vpg.
The New Vision added 79 new photos.
"Which was harder, the marathon or the interview"?
Buganda Parliamentary Caucus members are meeting President Yoweri Museveni at State House Entebbe today over outstanding Buganda demands among them, the Kasubi Tombs fire probe report.
Should unregistered marriages be fined?
the religion of killing the innocent people.
The state minister for primary education, Rosemary Sseninde says, “This is illegal and must be stopped”.
What is your take on his tips?
Every 17th October Uganda joins the rest of the world to commemorate the safe motherhood day.
We assist interested candidate who have completed their 10+2 and want to pursue their degree or Masters abroad.
The Pentagon-funded four-legged #robot that can gallop untethered at up to 16mph.
Rt @newvisionwire: Follow our live stream here http://see.
Ronald Higenyi, attached to the Police's engineering and logistics department, had his pistol taken on Suday night when robbers who had been trailing him on his way home cut him off.
The RasToon this morning.
Not until the president's family and his hench men start using general facilities people will be dropping off dead before their 50th birthdays.
Thanks brother for rising this issue.
The AYE's have it !
We last had this opportunity to host the Commonwealth Parliamentary Conference 52 years ago and there is every chance that the next time we are having this will again be after 50 years or so.
The Inspector-General of Police, Martins Okoth-Ochola, has made several changes in the force’s leadership, transferring and appointing 72 senior officers.
Should #ManUtd start with De Gea or Henderson in goal?
Khartoum is yet to respond to the statement.
Kato kajubi shd also go to the same court so he can pay for the child he beheaded.
Money is a delicate issue; it can turn the best of friends into sworn enemies.
Kabaka Ronald Muwenda Mutebi has ended his tour of Busiro County to promote Bulungi Bwansi (Community Service).
Onyango noted that the Police CCTV footage recorded the car at Kinawataka and that the hunt for the suspects was ongoing.
Four pathologists, including two police experts and the other family members, arrived safely in Dubai to carry out an autopsy on the body of Gen.
French coach Herve Renard moved closer to a second Africa Cup of Nations triumph as Ivory Coast defeated Democratic Republic of Congo 3-1 in a semi-final in Bata Wednesday.
We also call upon him to release all people arrested in connection to the January 14, 2021 general elections.
for things are not EQUAL!
The Police and Uganda Peoples Defense Forces (UPDF) have tightened security with thousands of personnel deployed to ensure safety as fresh tribal clashes hit Hima town in Kasese district.
While traveling to Semiliki National Park one is treated to the scenic views on the highway to Bundibugyo.
They have demanded he explains his ministerial nominees.
Singer R. Kelly used 'lies, manipulation, threats and physical abuse' to operate an 'enterprise' enabling him to commit decades of sex crimes, the prosecution said during marathon closing arguments Wednesday.
The New Vision is with Akello Trony Suzy Lokoru and 15 others.
Don'T miss the weekend game action live on TV East and Etop Radio.
Kyaligonza’S woes are not about to end.
Fatherhood is beyond paying bills at home.
Speaking at a press conference at Mulago the hospital’s spokes person Enock Kusasira said every woman who delivers from the labour suit is recorded and displayed immediately on the boards.
Do you mean "pick hour " or "peak hour" ?
Gates open at 6am.
Until she decided enough was enough!
Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump by 11 points in the U.S. presidential race, showing little change after she became the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee this week, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Friday.
The budget for the roads was raised from Shs 398 billion to Shs.
I hear she poisoned her active husband who had become a night mare to NRM in western Uganda.
After investigations, the IGG says that the UNEB Chairman Fagil Mandy has a case to answer on a number of allegations, much as he was found innocent on some of the fronts.
Europe/ Asia, kindly add me on whatsapp +32 460 219 766 for more info.
The World Health Organization considers someone with a BMI of 25 kg/m2 as overweight, and 30 kg/m2 or higher as obese.
Unvaccinated people will be vaccinated along the way.
Celebrate life, live a little, make friendships and lasting memories at the Ambrosia Bar and let’s party after parte.
How decorative stones make an excellent feature wall.
Several customers were Sunday (September 26) evening bounced at the Shoprite outlet at Lugogo Mall, after the supermarket closed doors days before the earlier announced date.
The KCCA physical planning director may lose his job after a recommendation by MPs.
The ultimate solution to overcoming the pandemic is vaccination, and the government is targeting to vaccinate at least 22 million people.
The American Cancer Society had previously recommended women be screened each year beginning at age 40, but has changed its advice because evidence failed to show enough lives are being saved.
No drinkable by me!
Willem-Alexander becomes Netherlands first king since 1890 after his mother stepped aside after 33 years as queen.
Uganda’S mighty She Cranes continued to defy the odds on Tuesday after grinding out a close 43-42 win over Zimbabwe in Botswana.
Cancer has become the leading cause of death in rich nations, overtaking heart disease, according to the results of two landmark, decade-long global surveys of health trends released Tuesday.
The two looked forward to having children together, and all these hopes have crumbled.
The first session of the talks that was expected to start at 7:00pm but it didn’t because the LRA said they would not talk until the UPDF left Sudan.
The Royal Thai Army staged a coup d'état against the elected caretaker government of Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra.
Vision Group’s Urban Television has taken Soroti by storm minutes after it was switched back on in Soroti town.
Why has the world chosen to remain with ancient traditions of war?
The Uganda Wild Life Authority game rangers who were about six in number and had accompanied the suspects opened fire shooting indiscriminately at the 7.
Check the status of government hospitals.
Why not have this campaign cutting across, both men and women?
Full Letter of President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni to Speaker Kadaga on appointment of new Chief Justice.
Kipsang, who settled for bronze at the London 2012 Olympic Games marathon, where Uganda’s Stephen Kiprotich walked away with gold, had got a great opportunity to avenge his country’s defeat.
Marriage, but I turned him down because of the age difference.
Residents of Kibuye,Bukalapya, Buwaiswa and Bwase villages in Balawoli sub-county, Kamuli district were, early this month, evicted from their homes in a ruthless manner.
Two people died during a heavy downpour in Kampala yesterday, after part of the wall that encloses Namirembe Guest House collapsed on them.
Today'S weather forecast: Plan your day accordingly.
Shi'Ite fighters launch a rocket during a clash with Islamic State.
Breaking NEWS: Fresh riots erupt in Omugo refugees settlement in Arua district.
Amnesty was granted in 2005 but they refused to put guns down and instead killed more and more at the time.
in order to fight crime you need a well resourced police department filled with professionals whose aligence is to the constitution , prosecutors who prosecute cases based on evidence, judges who are impartial and pass judgement on evidence addused.
Just a star ni Uganda where fraud and corruption reigns.
Uganda has showcased a range of agricultural products in the second annual China-Africa Economic and Trade Expo.
In the petition, the Uganda National Health Users/ Consumer’s Organisation (UNHCO), a coalition of 30 civil society health rights non-government organisation under their umbrella Voices for Health Rights (VHR) called for the review of the policy which they termed discriminatory.
there is also a lot more inside.
Such morons don't even deserve to be in prisons but zoos.
Family friends who exclusively spoke to Sunday Vision said the deceased had attempted to access President Yoweri Museveni for the second time and promised to share contents of his report.
, earning well from my sweat!
A series of explosions heard in the northeast Nigerian city of Maiduguri on Saturday, just hours before the opening of polls in presidential and parliamentary elections.
I think Babushenga and his team should stop selling our country negatively with such un true headlines!
Arsenal s Manchester United, What is your Prediction?
The theme of this year's 2020 Kabaka birthday run is "Men for good health and ending AIDS by 2030".
The novel coronavirus can survive on some surfaces for days or in the air for several hours, according to a US-government funded study.
The 'hardcore huntress' posted a picture of herself with a lion she killed on Twitter.
The Kabale district Kadhi Sheikh Kabhu Lule has condemned Members of Parliament for increasingly acting against the interests of Ugandans.
With a polygamous father who was bed-ridden for most of his childhood and a peasant mother who was basically helpless, Maxwell Mwesigwa Musiimo had to peddle kabalagala and roast G-nuts to pay for his school fees as early as P4 and for the rest of his education.
One player hoping to take the scoring headlines away from Muller is team mate Miroslav Klose.
God's wrath will come on you I am referring this pope to long Herod in the bible.
On his part, Ssentongo was sentenced to 18 months imprisonment over the same.
Parliament has asked Government to drop a proposal that introduces 18% VAT on water.
Get details in the New Vision.
We shall use our locally made masks.
Get a free copy of the "Homes & Construction" pull out in today's Saturday Vision.
Uganda Hippos (U20)🇺🇬 have progressed to the #TotalAFCONU20 quarterfinals after coming from a goal down to beat hosts Mauritania in a 2-1 victory.
Ugandans are not going to run industrial age manual machines.
The New Vision is with Dvon Marvins.
"We are making strong progress across each of our three ambitions by delivering innovation people love," said chief executive Satya Nadella.
In a statement, the NSSF profit before interest increased to sh202b, from sh156b in December 2014.
have u perused any of de writen laws in burudi 4 da tym being in 4c so dat u tel us dat wat da ofisa did is unlawful?
The case against him was dropped last week, but the allegations have been reintroduced under anti-terror laws that punish acts against the state.
Drinking enough water can help boost your concentration as well as keep you from overeating.
Liverpool agree deal to sign Rickie Lambert from Southampton on 2-yr contract.
#Quoteoftheday: "Delegations from #Congo's government and #M23 were at State House in Entebbe but never met, only eyed each other through a window," Media Centre boss Ofwono Opondo said.
Combining elements of Gothic Romance, the Newgate Novel and popular melodrama, in Oliver Twist Dickens created an entirely new kind of fiction, scathing in its indictment of a cruel society, and pervaded by an unforgettable sense of threat and mystery.
#Breaking One Kenya mall attack suspect wounded & detained, police say.
Kale Kayihura, over "serious human rights abuse" and "corruption".
Here are your options 👉🏽.
In a large bowl, whisk together oil, honey, soy sauce, and pepper.
They have tasted victory.
Roads in villages and suburbs will now be worked on after government introduced cheap technology.
Much do they think an average Ugandan earns.
or "You act more like a baby than your little brother"!
In HER VISION: JESUS-THE MALE CHAMPION OF WOMEN EMANCIPATION.
President Yoweri Museveni has described as idiots those making allegations that NRM Government killed its member Butaleja woman MP Cerinah Nebanda.
Torrential rain spoilt the World Cup debut of South Sudan in Juba Wednesday with play abandoned early in the first half after they levelled at 1-1 against Mauritania.
As an adult, he was bitterly exploited by his first employer and betrayed by a business partner he trusted.
Share your memory with us on.
S/Sudanese take long to learn how can your best enemy hoodwink you to be economic bedfellow and you fall for it while you are bussy mistreating blood friends?
Just wait and see.
Amama Mbabazi has promised to repatriate the remains of dictator Idi Amin and build a museum in his honour.
Moses Ali cruised to victory, beating his only challenger Irama Tolu Philip by a wide margin in most polling centres across Adjumani West County.
This was on Thursday at Buganda Road Court.
It'S good I also so a substation at kikubampaga, hope the substation uses hydro not diesel?
Bukenya who on Friday declared his support for Museveni has also defended his move saying he wasn’t convinced The Democratic Alliance had solutions to the country’s problems.
Uganda'S Chief of Defence forces Aronda Nyakayirima has revealed that the leader of the M23 rebel group in the Democratic Republic of Congo, Colonel Sultani Makenga, has agreed to withdraw from the eastern cities of Goma and Sake.
Ayinayo ka hit ki?
South African retired archbishop and anti-apartheid icon Desmond Tutu was on Saturday readmitted to hospital in Cape Town just days after being discharged following surgery, his family said.
Comparision: Primary education completion level 61.
"I thought I might be able to take photographs of children who do really hard jobs working in the brick factory.
Get details in New Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
She is a Thomas.
Eu Parliament renews calls for electoral reforms .
The man identified as Alpha Kamara was intercepted on today, Saturday, at 8:00am on his arrival at Entebbe aboard an Emirates flight.
"Christian Atsu is the guy who was Ghana's best player in the opening 60 minutes or so in their last game.
A day after the triple blasts that killed some 30 people and left around 250 injured, in an operation claimed by the Islamic State jihadist group, RTBF television said police had identified two suicide attackers as Khalid and Ibrahim El Bakraoui.
The much revered and believed-to-be biggest camp of the Allied Democratic Forces/ Islamic State Central Africa Province in the DR Congo has finally been captured by a joint team of Ugandan and Congolese forces.
Enjoy your copy of the Saturday Vision #EPAPER here- https://vpg.
The New Vision is with Tolit Ahmed and Andrew Mwesiga.
The New Vision is with Eddy Kizito Mayanja.
Look out for it and get yourself a copy.
What do you think should be done to the culprits who are breaking the rules against the #COVID19UG fight?
Kanyike urged the senior citizens to vote for Museveni to avoid any interruption of the programme that has secured them a livelihood.
A #coffin that will keep you rocking to music in your grave.
Am enjoying wan Luo TV my Startime has it, but should not keeping on repeating the same song there are many songs in northern Uganda.
On this episode of the #NewVisionPodcast, Ugandans in the diaspora share their life experiences and what it's like being far from home during the #CoronaVirus pandemic.
Double tragedy as wall fence collapses killing homeless children.
During the ceremony Harvey thanked the volunteers at the function coupled with the remembrance of 100 years of Catholic Scouts on Sunday, February, 19 2014.
Mungeri endala they are ceremonial.
Human rights campaigners in Senegal have called for an end to caste-based discrimination after village elders refused to allow the burial of a woman, reputedly to ward off misfortune.
The amount of damage that Japan sustained from the earthquake and tsunamis would likely take years to recover from.
Do you know that a man confess using his own words .
But, for these two couples in Ngole village, Buyende district, that is the hand fate dealt them.
In addition, Shs 2 billion will be provided for Kayonza Tea Factory to set up a third production line.
Tyobo Irene where exactly are you?
go make ur dreams real as talkers talk.
Lake Victoria is under threat, and the very people this natural resource is supposed to serve are the ones threatening its existence.
Thank you for Being with us all through, Thank you for likes and your interaction, we pledge to always serve you better and consistently improve.
Make Christmas fun this year by bringing the kids to the Toto Christmas Festival.
this is hw far we have we have degraded.
It is raining in several areas in and outside of #Kampala.
Get details in the New Vision-https://vpg.
Updf SACCO registers 18% growth to sh79.
"The single-cell revolution is just starting".
New Vision you should know what to tell us as news.
The size of the GDP depends on the foreign exchange rate.
Hahaha news vision banange.
Over 466 golfers will compete in the five-in-one Tusker Malt Lager Uganda Golf Open that tees off with the Ladies Open on July 15-18.
💰⛪️ An ongoing campaign by the Church of #Uganda has so far raised over sh1.
The New Vision now fronts hate speech?
#Us based #Ugandan boxer; Kassim Ouma Arrested For Battery — K.O.’s Guy Over Alleged Gay Passes.
Kasiano Wadir isn't a King but still goes to his people.
If you really want to know where you destiny lies, look at where you apply your time.
The New Vision is with Twehamye Wilson and Moses Nathan Muhangi.
They end up spending billions of taxpayers’ money at an additional cost of endangering the environment, writes GERALD TENYWA.
Uncertainty still hangs over the ownership of one of Uganda's largest mobile services operator, Warid, after those in the know refused to comment on the status of the company.
M7 fought Muteesa, Obote, Amin, Kony, Lakwena and so on.
Who is facing the pain now?
For any case of child abuse please call the toll free line; 116 for help.
Bashir backs Kazibwe for African Union job https://vpg.
May Be Such Is Reward To Al Humans Who Think They Are Meant To Rule For Life Ha Ha Ha.
West Africa's regional bloc ECOWAS must ensure Gambia's President Yahya Jammeh steps down when his mandate ends in January because he lost an election, the bloc's chairwoman, President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf of Liberia, said on Saturday.
The American guy tried to come past me but I knew I just had to hold on".
What is the most enduring lesson your father taught you?
The judge said it was okay also for Besigye to join himself to Amama Mbabazi's petition that was filed yesterday at the Supreme Court just before the 10-day stipulated deadline.
However they have not been paid.
Parents keep your kids close.
The 78-year old Argentinean pope released his first album, entitled "Wake Up"!
We are trying to balance the boat called life!
#Teamamosjosh from Kenya #TakeTheStage.
The pain they experience does not only stop in the labour ward, but all the time when either of them is hurt or feeling unwell, the other has to know.
Long live our dear Pope Emerirus.
Uchumi Supermarkets has closed two branches in Uganda as part of re-organisation to stabilize the business.
If you are genuinely interested in giving your children a good upbringing, you should first transform yourself into a peaceful and loving human being.
Egypt’S VP Baradei resigns after crackdown against protesters.
you really put up stupid incomplete articles with no legs or arms!
If you thought smart phones were for mails, chats, sending pictures, etc, an app to monitor maternal and child health using phones has been developed.
Flock for what ?
Ug have only one Airport, those in Lira, Arua, Soroti etc are called Airfield but not airport, so Mr. John Ojara Olany u better visit Entebbe to get the different between the two words, it seems u are still behind.
#Premierleague Table as it stands now.
Embattled Bubulo county MP Tonny Kipoi has asked for state protection for his safety, saying it is his constitutional right as a citizen of Uganda.
The New Vision is with Lutale Johnbosco.
The New Vision is with Lule Emma and 5 others.
But the company still has not submitted its proposed software patch to the FAA.
Non of them fellas can afford an ambulance from West Nile to mulago to get ICU service at 1M per day.
The installation ceremonies were held in Kampala and Entebbe respectively and state minister for East Africa affairs Shem Bageine and Managing director of Finance Trust bank, ANNE Mulindwa were the chief guests.
 Avoid hard cash.
Do U Think There Was Any Cause In Da Killing Of Sadam & Gadaf!
Yesterday I found messages and pictures my girlfriend had sent to another guy asking to meet up for sex.
Let the world know and let us celebrate them with you.
In the worst incident, a ferry known as the MV Starlight Atlantic sank off the coastal province of Batangas, killing one and leaving 18 crewmen missing.
Kampala Archdiocese commissioned its 62 parish named St Charles Lwanga in Ntinda.
Russia has announced plans to build new nuclear reactors in Iran -- a move with international repercussions as a deadline looms.
And the still-missing genius may be the link to a madman—or the madman himself.
He is a pioneer investor in agroforestry in Uganda who owns a total of 89.
Commissioner of Parliament, Peter Ogwang, demanded that the health workers who appear selling government issued medicines in the television documentary; “Stealing.
Grab a copy of Today's New Vision here-https://vpg.
Bet now and win big with Betcity — .
The national Athletics Federation held the 8th Akii Bua memorial meet at Namboole stadium on Sunday.
It is not for nothing that the Bakiga are said to be strong chaps.
Useless hooligans are busy killing useful Ugandans !
Just bse you wnate desperate teachers to read your stupid paper.
The attackers are still holed up inside one of the students hostels inside the University.
<P><Em>The estimated 120,000 boda bodas operating in Kampala city alone pose a safety risk to non-motorised transport users.
He does not even take care of the bills at home.
Just under an hour to the start of the Men's 3000m Steeplechase final in which Uganda's Benjamin Kiplagat will contest.
Us President and his Iranian counter part have written letters to each other.
Get details of what they talked about, in today's Saturday Vision.
A monk practices kung fu at the Temple of Longevity in Changchun, NE China (CNS Pic).
In MWALIMU, find out how you can get students to run a real business, within a school’s setting.
What do you think of this match?
But fame, once untamed, often than not is a recipe for disaster.
We separated because I caught her cheating on me.
The Romaian opponent jetted into the country yesterday.
"Our greatest weakness lies in giving up.
No one is forcing anyone it's a matter of individual rights.
Nothing is imposible b4 God.
How does a refugee from Rwanda, who started out grazing people’s sheep at age 12 and has never been to school, become a billionaire who owns hotels and trailers?
Ine Rwandan citizen sharing our national cake all the big post.
Museveni, BESIGYE MEET AT NAMUGONGO.
The Kamuli district deputy Chief Administrative Officer (CAO), Godfrey Aduma has asked the MPs committee of Agriculture to ban the smoking of Striga among locals-http://bit.
We could experience what they feel after reading those wonderful stories," says Chu Maoming, the Charge d'Affaires at the Chinese Embassy in Kampala.
Ogwalo has reported the case to the Jinja Road Police Station.
Over 500 Children representing their colleagues across the country have petitioned Parliament through the speaker to help stem school drop-out rates exacerbated by sexual advances from teachers and teacher absenteeism.
Don'T judge alot just pray Okay!
The New Vision is with Arnold Barry Vocello and 5 others.
Uganda had dropped 11 places in the rankings since the turn of the year and a crushing defeat away to Liberia in the 2014 World Cup Qualifiers culminated in the firing of coach Bobby Williamson.
Lyuba was found to have clay in her trunk, leading scientists to believe she suffocated on it whilst getting water.
Does this one understand financial sancations or not.
How kud ivory be stolen yet d ctry has responsible body for that?
A week ago Fernando Blanco was a heroic Spanish father who raised over 900,000 euros for his sick daughter, but on Friday he was behind bars, an alleged fraudster accused of spending much of that cash on himself.
Vision Group’s chief executive Robert Kabushanga launched the campaign immediately after Kiprotich raced to a gold medal in the Olympic marathon on August 12.
A happy new month to you all.
mbu can,t even complete the story.
Slaughtering man's best friend is murder.
Find out how you can pay online.
Ice cream actually makes your body warmer because of its fat content.
Good times are coming".
Wat shud they preach about to get da congregation attention?
1984 is a year worth reflecting on for the then young English Journalist William Pike who arrived in the Luweero Triangle as the NRA bush war raged on.
Are BABY SHOWERS JUST ANOTHER REASON TO PARTY?
The Capital, Bujumbura is tense.
Let'S hope the motive behind is to benefit Ugandans rather than make them suffer the more.
Oh dear waiting for a study to prove that alcohol is a significant contributor the spread of HIV.
The New Vision added 14 new photos — with Ebine Andrew Odongo and Doreen Shanitah at Namugongo Martyrs' Shrine.
The New Vision is with Hamzah Mbubi and 2 others.
Google'S colossal project to digitize the world's books does not violate copyright law, a US appeals court ruled Friday, affirming a 2013 decision seen as a landmark for the digital era.
A top Catholic cleric has said the faithful should stop taking to church offertory in form of coins as the act "disgraces God".
I also want to get a son; Golola junior who will adopt my skills”.
In THE BEAT: We present Sauti ya Africa: Uganda's musical Ambassadors.
Africans think one should die doing one thing!
A total of 438 girls from seven districts in eastern Uganda were defiled between January and March 2013.
Don'T miss the Director E-Government Services, NITA-U, Collin Babirukama, COO Financial Sector Deepening Uganda, CPA Jean Mutabazi and Dr. Joseph Turyabahika speaking today.
But the answer of the tongue is from the LORD.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice," a Warner Bros.
#Enoc a u a dr 2 rule out dat spine surgery people a toking about?
Chelsea boss is da next person who yaps lot with out anything in hand.
Ones hard-earned money being described as a gift?
The Uganda People’s Defence Forces (UPDF) on Friday launched Tarehe Sita week in Wankulukuku, Kampala.
Witness D-32 told the court that Ongwen, a former rebel commander of the Lord’s Resistance Army (LRA) joined the group at a young age and struggled to do the tasks.
The Archbishop of the Church of Uganda, Henry Orombi, has asked President Yoweri Museveni to appoint new and young people in his next Government.
What do I do?
Ssebunya'S triumphant entry into the village where Rema is soon introducing him to her parents.
"Identification and processing of repatriation documents has already been done," Moyo told the state-owned Chronicle newspaper.
Is it in order for the ED of KCCA to push away INVESTORS?
With these remarks, Major General Mugisha Muntu challenged the Banyakigezi to compete and actively participate in politics as complaining alone will not do much.
For the last ten days, no new cases of Marburg fever have been reported in the country, raising hope that the epidemic is now under control.
Opposition legislators – Medard Sseggona and Florence Ibi Ekwau – have been nominated to represent the Democratic Party (DP) and Forum for Democratic Change respectively on a select committee of parliament set to address a host of issues pertaining to the controversial Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) report.
Rubaga South MP John Ken Lukyamuzi has been re-elected president general of the Conservative Party (CP), to serve another five-year term.
#Popeinuganda #PopeFrancis: The gift of the Holy spirit is one that is meant to be shared.
Ex-Mbabazi aide Katabazi denies charges of absconding duty.
That'S common knowledge New vision stop putting it as news, there nothing new there.
I thought sevo banned this!
I ask that You ease the load of burdens I am carrying.
I'M very proud of our young people; Onyango, Iguma, Majwega, Mwesigwa, Kizito, Massa, Okwi & colleagues in the Uganda Cranes.
Four police officers in Minneapolis were sacked as a video showing one of them kneeling on the neck of a handcuffed black man who later died sparked street protests in the US.
Another four people are said to have been injured by stray bullets in the fracas.
But am not accessing this TV why.
No relationship can be successful if you don’t feel good about yourself, both inside and out.
An equinox is an astronomical event in which the plane of Earth's equator passes through the center of the Sun.
Why advertise yet you don't recruit on merit?
Court has accepted to hear a suit by former presidential candidate Col.
Which Jerome😂😂😂 our Jerome of SMAU.
Export receipts declined sharply by 30.
Beware of COVID-19 this Christmas season.
Drink water when the Cage is blue,Eat apple mango when there are sunflower around, Eat Green when the little young One around you will Get Max SECURITY every one Loves you!
The New Vision is with Mummy's Daughter.
How dare she call me at midnight!
Whatever Amin did he deprived not only Uganda, but Rwanda, Burundi and Congo Zaire.
Kansiime Anne; "I Just received the award of Most Outstanding African Comedian at the AAMMA (Afro Australian Music and Movies Awards) and also got the honor of receiving on behalf of Ugandan.
We want to see young Gololas, young Kiprotichs.
Kibirige Khalid Kakande leads his family in #EidAlFitr at their home in Wakiso.
Jst kiding Akol relax,,,,as u give areason, we trust u!
Why should the buses hike fares to the citizens?
Law society is in trouble.
North MP Onyango Kakoba -https://vpg.
"Reduce the number of decisions you have to make in a day and focus energy where it matters".
All we desire to know is.
The NRM secretary general, Richard Todwong, has hailed China for supporting Africa's development agenda.
It’s best to prepare for your “upcoming day by prepping all your food in advance.
Why are we not consulted if this is what they need?
Museveni We are tired of you leave 4 others also don't be agridy LION.
Ojwang, through his lawyer Charles Dalton Opwonya of Opwonya and Company advocates, wrote a 'strong warning' to the Archbishop of Uganda Stanley Ntagali to desist from forceful removal of Benjamin Ojwang from office before his time expires.
#Inthenewvision: Father Expedito Magembe and charismatic preacher John Baptist Mukajjanga face arrest for failing to turn up in court for the third time to answer charges of defaming Father Jacinto Kibuuka.
The She Cranes could experience something similar unless the Uganda Netball Federation (UNF) raises $717,782 (sh1.
Geraniums commonly give off red, pink and white fragrant flowers.
Pastor Bugingo’s woes are far from over.
This is the third week package 👇🏿 , get a copy or subscribe the e-paper now 🗞️ — epapers.
Eid al Fitr prayers at the National Muslim Mosque in Old Kampala though Katumba Badru's lens.
Saddam Gayira said Bidandi was involved in an accident on the Northern Bypass in Kampala, where he sustained minor injuries.
Deputy speaker of Parliament Jacob Oulanyah has scoffed at critics who claim that he waited for Speaker Rebecca Kadaga to be away so that Kayunga Woman MPAidah Nantaba would be approved as state minister for lands.
Get FREE access here; bit.
Kenya charged four men today in connection with the Westgate mall massacre in September, an attack claimed by Somalia's Al-Qaeda linked Shebab in which at least 67 people were killed.
We will be LIVE as the President addresses the nation yet again on the #COVID19 pandemic.
So often, the romance and movie-magic of reuniting with your ex can feel so overwhelming that you forget that the things that didn’t work when you broke up are still present (which is usually the case).
They say it was started by the attackers.
Susan was found dead Tuesday morning at Kitiko, between Kigo and Kajjansi.
Discussion won't change anything.
Who is the lucky candidate to replace Ibraham Abiriga in the hotly contested race?
The handshake explores how you can benefit from the available financial systems.
For what, have they detected any?
The same old geezer!
Good not to have responded your Excellency.
The four rebel NRM MPs were today barred from accessing Parliament premises or engaging in parliamentary proceedings by the Constitutional Court until the case against them in court has been heard.
It is the last day of #64CPC2019.
An Ebola scare has hit Uganda following a case in Kasese in which a boy,5 got a fever and abdominal pain.
The last group arrives tomorrow.
<P>With so many federations having decided to down tools until the old normal returns, UCA opted for the harder path.
He is a man of many fasts-well, sort of: fast food, fast (Japanese Cars) and a fast business acumen.
However, some MPs condemned Nankabirwa for betraying the Speaker by attacking her and choosing to openly support Namuganza.
Meanwhile, the visitors survive!
That should have happened yesterday because REA was a disappointment.
We all need a little help sometimes especially when it comes to parenting.
"I did not know it was Gen.
“Touch my wife and I show you,” a plain clothed officer told the Jinja Road Police Commander Wesley Nganizi.
Details in today's New Vision get your self a copy.
Ina lillah wa ina elaih raj-un!
Mwesigwa Rukutana, the state minister for labour and industrial relations, was on Monday charged and remanded.
Lydia Kabugombe Oile returned from her marital home in Kenya where she was a housewife to rebuild her husband's fallen business.
A breakaway faction of the party had petitioned the court challenging Mao's election as party president:.
A study by the National Institutes of Health that found people could burn up to 7 percent more calories in the cold.
Malawi Defence Forces punish soldiers for beating up three police men who were manning a Road block at Bua in Kasungu on Saturday night.
5million was found there.
State minister Evelyn Anite has told the Secretary to the Treasury, Keith Muhakanizi, not to interfere with the UTL audit.
📝🏉🙏🏽 In his tribute to the late legendary #Uganda Rugby Cranes coach Robert Sseguya, #Rugby 15s & 7s star Philip Wokorach says 'Soggy' believed in him when no-one did.
Who is fooling who Opondo or Enanga?
may ths new day bring Goodness to us.
58 minutes to defeat MOIL team of Yassin Nasser.
I use them all the time when I am in Kla, I have no problem with them and it certainly beats sitting in traffic.
We bring you those who have sailed through so far and those who still face scrutiny.
May her soul rest in eternal peace.
So if no time or work or changes have been made, when the fairy dust of reconciliation inevitably settles, you will be left with the same broken relationship, the same problems, and usually the same ending.
Should Makerere University colleges be given more powers to handle their own affairs?
The deep fried frog will be served in a black bun, colored with bamboo charcoal, and topped with lettuce.
Government to use technology to follow up on people living with HIV.
Researchers call for more funding.
’ No one wanted to be around me.
to clean Juba streets.
According to the information received by Kabale Central Police Station from Wilbroad Tumwesigyire, the LC1 chairperson of Omwibale cell, Tumusiime was seen on Boxing Day at a certain bar drinking local booze.
Details to follow on www.
Heat oil in fry pan until smoking hot.
sentence the man 2 life in prison.
For full video visit www.
Welcome to The illuminati World🔺👁️🔺- Bringing the poor, the needy and the talented to limelight of fame and riches.
71 percent to 6,297.
If they fasted the three days, those would be 30 blessings.
Very many people are having terrible cough, flu, headache, coldness, muscle pain and u there enjoying your coffee in your offices.
There is high level of biasness here, first the reporter refused to tell us who the Uganda's High Commissioner is, but he can name the Foreign Service Officers around him.
Mr Fallon spoke yesterday of his concerns about Russian interference in Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia.
Today'S front page; MUSEVENI ORDERS KATOSI THIEVES TO REFUND CASH.
ller in East Africa.
Henry Buwembo, a Ugandan national aged 35, tried to commit suicide in the middle of a busy Dubai street in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) but he did not die.
The Rwandan delegation has written to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Uganda, explaining that they will not be able to come to Kampala.
Well done Mzee M7 and Maama Janet.
Kampala Metropolitan Police traffic boss Norman Musinga has encouraged Passengers to always speak out by complaining or calling the police if they are driven by a reckless driver.
Why not sales men, just looking for young ladies to be exploited sexually.
Titled ‘HIV/AIDS Baseline Sero-Study in Ugandan Universities’, the research was done among 3, 718 randomly selected students.
No matter how much you may defend yourself or even someone tries to put something on you so as to be convicted still truth is truth.
But is that the student in picture?
The children have to be at the venue by 8:00am.
By Sarah ZaweddeRESIDENTS of Kawempe suburb in Kampala were shocked to learn that a couple went to a bar with a three-week-old baby and in their drunken stupor forgot about it.
They are; Geoffrey Ekanya, Odonga Otto, Beatrice Anywar, Michael Ocula, Christine Bako, all from the main opposition party, FDC.
It means you are not doing it right that is why he always prefers being with his mother.
But now traffickers are hiding drugs inside the parts of vehicles mainly imported from Japan through the Kenyan port of Mombasa.
1,500M - Janet Achola finishes outside the top 6, out of the reckoning!
Follow live proceedings from the 2012/13 National Budget reading here and http://on.
But "Muro" is not giving up.
At one point Zifa had to sell off assets, including an artificial training field, to raise money to pay its debts.
Find all the fun in your copy of the New Vision.
Several local clergymen accepted the idea, and on June 19, 1910, the first Father's Day, "sermons honoring fathers were presented throughout the city.
What should i do?
The protesters have taken to the streets in large numbers to oppose the military's seizure of power in January.
Parliament passed the NSSF Bill on February 17 2021 but four months down the road the President is yet to assent to it.
Read full article in today's paper-https://vpg.
Uganda Land Commission boss Baguma Isoke in trouble over land fund.
Reports are reaching us from Turkey that European soccer's ruling body UEFA has banned Galatasaray from European competition for one year over its failure in following financial fair play regulations, UEFA said in January that the club had failed to comply with its rules governing the permitted level of financial losses, paving the way for a potential ban from its Club Financial Control Body (CFCB).
Why would human beings be unequal in the face of HIV/AIDS?
In the Sunday Vision, read the Body guard who showed bravery during attack on his boss.
can the dead body out money to use this is total witchcraft.
The prince was on the FIFA executive from 2011 until this year when he first challenged Sepp Blatter for the presidency.
How MAGARA SUSPECT WAS ARRESTED.
It Means We Shall Continue To Go Out For Treatment.
Read about an inmate who has been in jail for 21 years but his children have never spent a day without food.
I spoke to him on phone.
He cheated on me with my then Best friend.
this show is hilarious just, just!
The earlier the better.
Sexpest Lawrence Mukiibi's kids count hits 100.
Wonder how many litres go down there every minute?
The New Vision is with Kabiito Leonard.
A court order should be obeyed unless set aside by a court of law.
State of the Nation address under way.
Images published by The Sun appear to show the 20-year-old England forward taking the legal substance, commonly known as laughing gas.
They replaced her position illegally to Suzan Muhwezi but meeting M7, he observed her Protocol out of shame.
#Lifehacks: Informing us about petty things that we already know only proves that u have either run out of news or that your CEO Kabushenga left one of his 10 year old niece or nephew to run this page.
I hear Yoweri Kugata.
Ayew is the son of three-time African player of the year Abedi Pele - how he could have done with producing some of his magic then.
See more at -http://bit.
Since the start of the EAC Customs Union in 2005, Uganda’ exports to Kenya have increased from $155.
It isn’t just parents who have an impact on their kids.
Kickboxing Federation (WKF) Inter-Continental Super middleweight title.
What is your take on scientific campaigns and lining up to vote?
Football'S world governing body Fifa has started its congress in the Swiss city of Zurich to choose a new president to replace the suspended Sepp Blatter.
However, a row has erupted over where to bury her.
Get all the sports action in your Copy of Saturday Vision, in our 'GOAL' section.
The management recommends that the fees for feeding and accommodation in halls of residence be raised by 100%.
Parenting Tip: Kiss and hug your spouse in front of the kids.
Official SCORECARDS: After 12 rounds - 118-110, 116-112, 116-112 - WINNER by unanimous points decision - Floyd Mayweather!
The North are watching and whoever is deceived that they can get a easy ride should first reflect from 1986 up to date.
“We are trying to give all our best to win the league and if God rewards our efforts, that will be a better ending,” he added.
The activists under their umbrella, National Association of Professional Environmentalists (NAPE) argued that much as some supermarkets are trying to implement the ban, others have totally shunned the move and continue to use polythene bags – locally known as kaveera.
Previous plagues where contained more efficiently, this particular one is nothing short of an unprecedented humanitarian crisis.
<P>Guardiola was frustrated by the turnout for City's 6-3 win over RB Leipzig on Wednesday to begin their Champions League campaign.
Mbu they have all gone for lunch.
It did not take Jadon Sancho long to start making waves in the #Bundesliga after his move from Manchester City to Dortmund in the summer of 2017.
Get the details of the story in the New Vision.
The mayor of Kampala, Nasser Sebaggala is one of several private developers who have invaded Nakivubo wetland located on Mpanga close in Bugolobi near his residence, according to the National Environment Management Authority:http://bit.
Can they find an equaliser?
Social media does not win you votes.
The leadership of ruling National Resistance Movement (NRM) in Kampala has asked the military to join Police in securing party’s primaries starting on Monday.
Rainford Kalaba and Mulenga not here.
Can you guess this place and the year when the picture was taken?
Minister Rugunda at UN to protest over DRC allegations.
Cool completely in pan on wire rack.
The government is missing out on this.
Be part of the first ever virtual edition of the #HarvestMoneyExpo this April from 5th to 9th & 12th to 16th | 9am to 11am.
Bring it back home.
Government officials are flouting the Public Service standing orders on the use of public vehicles, with impunity, resulting into the loss of billions of taxpayers’ money.
who ever does business with them ask for cash or cheque dont allow there story of electronic transfer.
Kcca ED plans to reduce taxis and boda bodas in the city.
"The place was very dirty and horrendous.
He said the condoms have a bad odour, do not have a manufacturer’s name for traceability, while others are improperly labelled and packaged.
Drivers of passenger services vehicles (PSVs) linked to fatal accidents should start looking for new careers as the Police has vowed to ensure that their driving permits are cancelled.
Mugisha Muntu’s campaign team has lashed out at the leader of opposition, Nandala Mafabi, over tribal sentiments.
you are a good father Lord.
Harare Central Hospital, the country's second biggest, said it would focus only on emergencies, intensive care and maternity cases.
The New Vision added 6 new photos — in Jinja, Uganda.
The New Vision is with Brahan Alli and 5 others.
The New Vision is with YmmAs Sayson Grollo.
This year’s theme in Uganda is “Child spacing, a key strategy to economic development and improvement of maternal health”.
The High Court in Kampala has awarded Prof.
Test the trafic officers too.
Even if MPs died,it's their families who would suffer but not ordinary me.
The minister’s brother, Paul Ogama, said he arrived from Kampala at about 3:00pm, upon which the family began a discussion about the last funeral rites of Oscar Akol, Mallinga’s son, who died in May last year.
With the production process underway, Kiira Motors Corporation plans to increase the sourcing of local materials for their assembly plant to 65% by 2030.
Today, she owns the multi-million fashion label, Tina Brad, writes Reagan Ssempijja.
Find out how your district is performing in service delivery #EPAPER-https://epaper.
Vision Group CEO speech at Kiprotich Prize day.
[Video] A word from Alex Amwine and Rhita Namugumya, our #BGExpo2017 lucky winners tonight.
Tens of thousands of Hong Kong democracy activists gathered today for a major rally to show the city's leaders their protest movement still attracts wide public support despite mounting violence and increasingly stark warnings from Beijing.
Over 28,000 trees will be planted in secondary schools this year to promote a green environment cover, Anne Juuko, the Chief Executive Officer of Stanbic Bank has revealed.
The dead are, Tupasi Berocan 1, Joseph Ogenyi 3 and Okello Mungu Komakech.
Have you updated the app and used it yet?
Pope Francis has described large families as a "gift from God", just days after he said Catholics did not need to "breed like rabbits".
Wang, 28, suffered from chronic arthritis and liver failure.
A recent property wrangle between a prominent city businessman and his son has stirred debate on sharing of family property.
According to Dr. Goulston, even the gesture of saying good night "tells your partner that, regardless of how upset you are with him or her, you still want to be in the relationship.
Kayanja heads the Rubaga Miracle Centre, and runs the global Robert Kayanja Ministries.
I witnessed deaths on such days in America!
Like a knife slashing at the inflated balloons of our verbal pretensions, she's got a point.
Go to Google play store and search for VISION GROUP STORE, sign up and you can immediately access TODAY'S Paper and pay Using MTN or Airtel Mobile Money service.
Claimants of a rock have been hit hard after the PS made a recommendation.
The Tororo district security committee has issued tough guidelines to all residents ahead of the festive season aimed at ensuring peaceful and non-fatal celebrations during the season.
They're always throwing the badly injured casualties on their dirty trucks.
Bonfire Night commemorates the country's Gunpowder Plot of 1605.
New Vision has learnt that the tension is also forcing the Permanent Secretary Dr. Asuman Lukwago to throw in the towel.
Find out what the wife wants and why Bukenya is not willing to release.
Us media reports, meanwhile, suggested the plane experienced marked changes in altitude after it lost contact with ground control, and altered its course more than once as if still under the command of a pilot.
Kabila's statue brought down by protesters.
They came second after Kato David and Babirye Deborah who won sh2m.
While handing over the money at the weekend, the ambassador of Denmark to Uganda, Dan Frederickson, said the flooding in Kasese is probably the worst ever.
The New Vision is with Josephat Riobasky Mobagi and 2 others.
The New Vision is with Elastus Kabareebe and 32 others.
The New Vision is with Ayekundira Elizabeth.
Vision Group has launched a digital version that will allow readers enjoy the digital copies of daily, weekly and regional publications anytime, anywhere.
Most headteachers had resorted to misuse of USE and UPE funds while the stands of academic had gone below.
Source: Yoweri Kaguta page.
They cease to be part of the voting machines but remain the voice of reason.
Lord, Enlighten our hearts & minds, open our lips that we may praise you.
The project, which lies on a 31-acre land, teaches vegetable farming and piggery, but the project will expand to involve poultry and fish farming in the next three months.
Bobi Wine has always relayed his fondness to his dad in many ways, the recent one being when he posted on his facebook, that his dad is a superman.
Wasswa Wilson and Kato Livingstone dancing Lingala.
Wo MP omu mu myaka he 1980's yagamba .
Landslides leave bitter trail of fears and tearsBy Henry Mukasa and Paul Watalain BudadaHOPE of finding survivors of the landslide which buried three villages in Bududa dimmed yesterday after rescuers .
The Mufti of Uganda, Sheikh Shaban Ramadhan Mubajje, has blasted Muslims in Hoima district who want to grab land belonging to the Uganda Muslim Supreme Council (UMSC).
The teachers' union (UNATU) in collaboration with various civil society organizations has vowed to go ahead with their planned two day protest which was announced over the weekend to protest over poor pay and appalling conditions in public schools.
The team, led by Francis Epetait (Ngora County), accused Nandala of de-campaigning Muntu by urging FDC supporters to only vote for someone who comes from the east and not the west.
Ofwono hits at ISO over journalists abduction.
Valentine'S DAY: Lets also have pictures taken today, now with your valentine NOT old pictures.
Former Cabinet minister Dalmas Otieno seen in the picture below; (second left) and his new wife, Dorothy Atieno, were joined by Homa Bay Senator Otieno Kajwang’ (left) and Governor Cyprian Awiti at the bride’s home in Homa Bay, on July 20, 2013.
Closed import of maize from Uganda to Kenya is a natural step and correct measure.
They want to use him to pin the NUP members being charged in military court.
New vision your like devils coz when you see two friends battling you feel happy But why?
There are about five routes you can use to connect to Busoga region without using Jinja Road.
In The The Kampala Sun.
He only emerged briefly to tell Parliament that he wasn't dead.
All we know is that she was living with someone in Mombasa who was charged in court and therefore we are not aware of any other person of interest,” Mr Kimaiyo said.
Upc president Olara Otunnu has been thrown out of Kasubi as he attempted to visit the remains of the royal tombs.
As the world prepares to mark World Food Day on Friday, the Food and Agricultural Organisation (FAO) of the UN has urged countries to offer social protection in order to help reduce poverty and food insecurity.
Army veterans across the country have been urged to take advantage of Government programmes aimed at improving household wealth in order to help achieve President Yoweri Museveni dream of driving the country to a middle income status by 2020.
Mondo Kagonyera, to take over the seat.
A Kenyan daily says it has established that the shadowy team hunting down witnesses includes lawyers and businessmen.
So no casualties on the other partner ?
Of the 122 private tertiary institutions in the country only nine meet the required standard.
President Donald Trump admits in a recording that he is fond of authoritarian leaders, saying the "tougher and meaner" they are, the better he gets along.
The poverty rate in the North is so high.
The Bill was initially handled by her deputy, Jacob Oulanyah, she stressed, and that when she took over, she had hoped it would be passed by Tuesday.
President Uhuru Kenyatta of the Republic of Kenya pays a courtesy call on President Museveni in Pretoria.
If you can do everything for yourself (wash, cook, clean, iron, shop) you won't turn into a demanding person expecting your partner to make up for your lacks.
Help your manager see your progress and acknowledge your good work.
The Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) is to revisit all the controversial Oil laws which have been recently passed by Parliament in 2016, where they hope to be in power.
,,It ma favourite mean of transport,,I LOVE IT.
We reject all forms of anger, bitterness, and resentment.
They somehow already know what you truly want to become.
Thereza Nakanwagi a resident of Kisosso village in Kingo Sub County Lwengo district was arrested and handed over to the police in Kyabakuza trading center in Masaka municipality by her neighbors who saw her cutting Grace Namaganda’s head off on Tuesday afternoon.
At least nine people have died from the H7N9 strain of avian flu in Eastern China, while over 30 people are confirmed to have the infection, according to foreign media reports.
Even a candidate’s college major outweighed her school’s pedigree: 28% of those surveyed found her major to be “very important” in the hiring decision, while only 9% gave the same weight to the institution on her diploma.
However, Sserugo volunteered to climb the tree.
"We have come to a clear understanding.
Do check on the safety of your kids transport.
Coffee has been unfairly demonized.
The New Vision is with Kyagaba Ali.
More in the Saturday Vision- https://vpg.
Speaking on telephone from Istanbul on Tuesday, Committee chairperson, Medard Bitekyerezo, who is the Mbarara Municipality MP, expressed concern about lack of oxygen and beds in the hospitals.
Africa Golf Confederation vice president Johnson Omollo believes the growth in membership of participating nations in the AAGC is testimony that the game is developing and growing in Africa.
Speaking at the Twitter developers conference in San Francisco, Dorsey said the relationship with Twitter and third-party developers had become strained, but promised to work to improve the situation.
According to Afrobarometer survey, 75% Ugandans say they had to pay a bribe at least once to obtain Police assistance.
The Expelled MPs are still legally free to access and attend parliamentary sessions despite the court ruling.
HARD DOES NOT MEAN IMPOSSIBLE.
The way God blesses His People is incredible.
🎄🎅🏽 The entire Vision Group family wishes you all a #MerryChristmas and a fruitful 2022.
His brick laying project really worked for him; when he sold his first assortment of bricks he earned sh500,000.
This is not a natural phenomenon, but still extraordinary.
They will look good as new in the morning.
#Bring BACK OUR PEOPLE.
D officers and 15,526 to lower ranks indicates that more troops should be recruited into the Rwandan Armed Forces.
A new sh700 billion eight-lane express highway is planned from Kampala to Jinja to handle the rising traffic and improve the state of the national road network, the Uganda National Roads Authority has revealed.
It’s way too soon into their relationship, and he’s kind of a loser.
#Breakingnews: High Court rules in favour of #Erias #Lukwago.
With or without William Nkemba, it seems Uganda’s most successful club simply does not have the will to organise.
The Ugandan Diaspora who have lived abroad for years contribute immensely towards our social and economic growth and development of the country and people at large through their remittances.
Photos by Mary Kansiime.
The level of theft reported is hard to wrap around one’s mind.
Kabaka Sir Edward Mutesa II, faced a number of challenges.
198km elite entry list for the November race in New York City.
Those who keep doubting and fighting men of God will be in trouble in the time appointed.
Nigeria cannot buy that.
May the Lord continue comforting the deceased's family.
But you did And you never gave up what you believed in.
Our 13-year-old is so close to her uncles, is she safe?
Manchester United's match at Brentford has been postponed after a Covid-19 outbreak closed the Old Trafford club's training facility.
Government has handed sh300m to FUFA for Uganda Cranes’ AFCON qualifier double header with Burkina Faso on Saturday and Tuesday next week.
What role is she being accused of playing in the murder of the social worker?
It’s about restoring life, hope and dignity of our people.
Umeme Should Look For Other Wayz Lyk Salary Decreament 4 Its Workerz.
Each of them was supposed to cover 60 to 70 households.
New Vision answers your questions.
Can Paderborn strike back?
The European Space Agency's Rosetta mission dropped the robot onto Comet 67P in November 2014.
All copies of The New Vision news paper have been sold out.
- In the New Vision, find out what the alleged sh9b was meant for.
The need and the urge for sex are inborn in every person in this world but some people desire it more than others.
I managed to pursed my fellow kinds then to help me the same knowledge I use to convince my fellow workers the ones I pay and those Iam paid with that we can achieve anything and get any money we want.
Putting heads together, helps building stable nations.
The New Vision is with Gabengere Isaac.
They want Red Cross to supply the relief items that have since been donated from different organisations.
Kyagulanyi cited bias of the Supreme Court bench, especially the failure by the Chief Justice, Owiny-Dollo, to recuse himself from hearing his petition.
Addressing a news conference at Uganda Media Centre in Kampala, Mugume said: “UPDF intervention halted the massacre that was going on.
In a quest for love, peace, forgiveness, guidance, protection, faith and others, Christian Discipleship Ministries International-CDMI is holding the 12th annual Prayer Conference themed, "THE GATES OF HELL SHALL NOT PREVAIL," derived from Mathew 16:18.
Remove cover, stir, and continue to simmer until the rice has absorbed the liquid and is tender, about 5 minutes more.
I Believe Magufuli Was Da First African President 2 Cong M7 Afta Da Past Rigged Presido Elections En He Copied What Da Dictator Did!
Here are some of the stories to expect in today's New Vision.
So far away that Picture signal expected in next six hours.
Kale Kayihura moments after they were decorated at Mbuya military barracks this morning.
President Yoweri Museveni has reaffirmed that the Somali based Al-Shabaab terrorist group has been vanquished, and that the Al-Qaeda affiliated terrorists can no longer stage attacks on military installations and troops under the African Union Mission in Somalia (AMISOM).
Covid-19 donation funds will be used to procure vehicles for use in the fight against the pandemic, which has claimed 71 lives so far in the country.
Mukono Police have arrested one person in connection to the fire that gutted Buyaga Member of Parliament Barnabas Tinkasimire’s house, claiming his wife.
86% of inflation this year.
In SPORTS: British NGO keen to improve netball in Uganda.
Don'T miss these incredible speakers lined up for this last day of the seminar.
The national event is organised by Peace Corps Uganda and the Ministry of Education and Sports together with other partners.
Details on how you can get involved here http://see.
Well done N/v, but why did it take you ages to see?
The lawyer who sued the Kabaka is now sweating in court.
He said that the deceased’s body was taken for a postmortem at Mayuge Health Centre.
They should know the difference btn Kampala and Up country roads.
Heating,Buying voters,among others of wic i kno he must ve nt got dos free balot boxes.
Red card for indecent exposure.
The East African Legislative Assembly has called upon the EAC council of ministers to cause the Lake Victoria Basin Commission to embark on harmonising the laws and policies of partner states pertaining to the Lake Victoria Basin.
It is like entering someone's home through a window yet there is a door.
Primary school teachers want a minimum of sh450,000 per month up from sh260,000 http://see.
Im praying to my God that this situation for these ladies is taking care of.
She attributed the shortage to girls shunning joining nursing institutions to take up nursing and midwifery courses.
Basal-like: Includes many, but not all, triple-negative breast cancers.
That'S what some people call system "volongoto" everything in Uganda is fake many Uganda's passports are in wrong hands, many land titles are in wrong hands, people have been complaining ever since the project started that many non Ugandans were getting the National IDs and those in government were calling it politicizing.
As Uganda Cranes embark on the road to Gabon for AFCON 2017, Get your souvenir Cranes magazine in the New Vision today- vpg.
The New Vision is with Mawanda Savio.
Every time a man cries foul, he is told "be a man or man up".
End of year born again overnight on.
She was equally disappointed and angered by the constituents when they failed to vote for her.
Youth in Kampala have reason to smile.
Seasoned Politician Sam Njuba has died at Nsambya Hospital.
Get the story inside today's paper.
Mulwana Kizito tried about five different businesses and failed at all of them before he set up SEFA Organic, one of Uganda’s premier herbal medicine firms.
I want to Lick #Sylvia_Owori in her Vagi.
The Sunday Vision with details.
The Ministry of Gender, Labour, and Social Development has distanced itself from the information circulating on social media calling on the public to register for alleged Government COVID-19 support grant.
Mtn Uganda recently launched a Mask campaign dubbed "Wear It for Me".
Despite the fact that he was renting a two-room house, he decided to wed Nakibuuka because he is a staunch Catholic and considers cohabiting a sin.
The New Vision is with Musinguzi Deus and 8 others.
What happened to Team Uganda?
Ritah Atikoro, this is lunch tomorrow.
Kenyan government signed a deal with Coca cola to have Nyayo stadium refurbished the only contentious issue was when Coca cola wanted to change the name of the stadium to something else.
ug/ or get latest updates on your mobile by typing 'News' and sending it to 8338.
Marcos Llorente's two extra-time goals could mean the visitors' progression to the quarterfinals.
Rugunda asked to explain suspended free power connection project, details in the Sunday Vision.
whichever way you want to pronounce it.
Judith Babirye the Buikwe Woman Member of Parliament fearing for her life after poison was found in her body by Medics in the US.
You can share yours too.
The NRM has announced that the arrangement of transporting people from the party headquarters in Kampala to other regions to look for votes has stopped.
Haha its funny how all the politicians are talking about making "politicians accountable".
Unfortunately we separated when the twins were two years.
New Vision brings you the events as they happened at different polling stations across the country.
Many entrepreneurs featured in Pakasa have stressed the need to start small as a safer alternative to borrowing to get into business at a higher level.
what a dumb descision!
Each country is mandated to domesticate the resolutions based on their local laws.
•He is a former army spokesperson and one of the UPDF representatives in Parliament.
At least five people were killed Saturday and 27 were injured when a freight train transporting gas derailed and exploded in the northeastern Bulgarian village of Hitrino, officials said.
It can strike at any age, but is most often diagnosed among men at ages 60 to 70, which is five to 10 years later than in women.
You’ll never know until you try.
Will he survive the other hurdles?
This and much more inside today's New Vision.
Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) is importing 400 buses from Tata Motors, an Indian firm.
The Ministry of Gender Labour and Social Development has asked Parliament to approve sh3.
People With Disability (PWDs) under their umbrella body the National Council for Disability (NCD), want Parliament to appropriate sh3b in the next financial year 2019/20 for the construction of an office.
Photos of the man, dressed in a white t-shirt and jeans, showed what appeared to be a python coiled around his neck and face but he was not wearing a mask as required underneath.
National Council for Higher Education has revealed that only 13 out of 32 universities are authorised to offer masters degrees and PhDs.
What is your say?
He explained that his efforts through various emissaries have not been forthcoming.
Since u have ever played with most of them, make sure u block them well coz u know where they shoot!
To help drive this much-needed change in behaviour, MTN has committed its September 2020 marketing resources such as advertisements towards encouraging everyone to adopt the habit of wearing masks so as to save lives.
“Are we paying on time?
But THOSE WHO STONED THE PRESIDENT'S ARMORED VEHICLE ARE 34 AND ALREADY IN COURT.
Make every effort to keep the unity of the Spirit through the bond of peace.
The rest I see is black no Salva kirr.
March 18, 1999; Members of Parliament draft a motion to censure Vice-President Specioza Wandira Kazibwe over incompetence and misconduct.
Well if he decided to play for Canada why bring up Ghana ?
Dont waste time on her.
Presiding over the morning mass at St Peter's Proto-Cathedral, Nsambya, the parish priest, Fr Joseph Ssemanda asked Christians to renew their faith and hope in God.
We had a blissful marriage until 2018 when I started noticing a change in her character.
To show their discomfort, the workers poured in the road and attempted to block the entrance to the Saracen offices at Lugogo by-pass.
I have 28600 on my balance right now.
The New Vision is with Princess Sànyumaleen.
The car spent enough time in their custody for assessment and it was cleared so its foolish to recall it since it exposes insecurity to the owner.
A team of Vision Group journalists went undercover to expose shocking details of parents for hire, bribery & mismanagement of the ID project perpetrated by NIRA, LC officials & brokers.
The New Vision is with Mostine da Agripreneur.
As a primary focus in this year’s Vocational Guide, we look at the critical skills areas for employability in SMSEs as recommended by the education ministry.
Busy Signal arives at Vision Group.
Musaala was suspended for the "publication of his article in the public media which damages good morals of Catholic believers and further expresses a wrong teaching against the Catholic Church’s teaching and that this stirs up hatred and contempt against the Church, he incurs a Ferendae sententiae penalty as prescribed by Can.
The grass is turned to pulp, and then added to latex.
Will Gov't manage to revamp UTL?
Egypt’s Vice President Mohammad ElBaradei resigned on Wednesday saying he couldn’t bear the responsibility for decision he disagreed with.
#Forinspiration: “Sometimes it takes a lowly, title-less man to humble the world.
For heaven’s sake this is a civil case, no doctor woke up to perform an illegal procedure that resulted in death.
He is set to address supporters after landing at Entebbe.
At 24, Adam Gashe is undisputed prince of modelling in Uganda, having been voted top male model in the recently held Abryanz Fashion Awards.
#Urbancheckpoint: What is the impact of #Covid19 on Uganda's 2021 General Election?
Sure, it can be a pain to drag yourself out of bed for a morning workout.
The Government has reacted with disdain to a UN Security Council's Group of Experts report that has accused Uganda and Rwanda of arming M23 rebels fighting the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) government.
Q:Explain y orange lne z bter thn safari.com?
Guys, there you are!
In a motion drafted by Lwemiyaga MP, Theodore Ssekikubo to be debated when the House resumes next week, he demands that government suspends all allocations and takeovers of land belonging to public schools, public health facilities and other government installations.
이번 4선에 성공한 독일의 메르켈 총리를 보라.
Heavy trucks will be allowed along the Jinja – Kampala highway.
Farouk Miya scores the all-important goal as Uganda beats Comoros to make it to the finals of the Africa Cup Nations for the first time in 38 years!
Both Portugal and Ghana fails to qualify for next round.
other companies will learn from this, never to take people for granted.
In GOAL: World Cup Analysis.
It will be a shame if he uses KQ.
Now, Kiggundu, Follow The Laws!
We are fast-approaching half time and his side are trailing.
What happened to vision 2025?
We sell all kind of tokunbo vehicles at cheaper rate, a serious buyer or car dealer should CONTACT CUSTOM Alhaji Sanni ON 07031037284 FOR BOOKING OR PURCHASE, e.g toyota camry tiny light 2.
Over 900 former staff of the Internal Security Organisation (ISO) have petitioned court, seeking an order compelling the Government to pay them sh16.
During the campaign she capitalised on strong public anger over corruption and the deterioration of the city's public services.
We are not ignorant about that.
may the Holy spirit take care of you for it was sent to guide us thru trials and temptations.
The President said the split would help increase the number of MPs from the sparsely .
Cowardly Americans, Y not on infantry?
The 115 tonne Laropi ferry connecting Adjumani to Moyo district across River Nile has been assembled pending trials to ascertain its seaworthiness.
What did you just do Pepe Reina?
Have they heard his side of the story?
Most people know how to ride a bike and, once you learn, you don’t forget.
Us President Donald Trump said he wanted to assassinate Syrian strongman Bashar al-Assad in 2017, but that his then-secretary of defense Jim Mattis opposed the operation.
Egypt imposes state of emergency after 149 people killed in clashes.
"North Korea Supreme Leader Kim Jong-Un returns from martial arts training and meditation atop Mount Paektu, to defend people against #Japanese aggression," reports DPRK News Service.
The New Vision is with Asiimwe Baker.
Cranes have got a shot in the arm from their fans ahead of the 2012 CECAFA Cup that kicks off in Kampala next week.
🇪🇸Spain'S top flight restarts Thursday night with the Seville derby, a fixture renowned for its intensity and cherished by its supporters.
These MPs mobilised to cause unrest and violence.
Its that hooligan to crucify emu.
On his return from a medical trip in Nairobi, #Kampala Lord Mayor Erias Lukwago has urged for an increase in Uganda's health budget.
Ah,U ple are all slapped with hug amount of money no nid 2 pritend to solve the situations lately,jst rather shut up.
At least 30 are dead in #Ukraine airport battle; government claims control.
What has it got to do with better issue?
These feelings grow stronger every time I see him at work.
Share your ideas on how this vice can be stemmed in schools and what the way forward should be.
Members of the parliamentary committee on health have been in Turkey undertaking a market survey on cheaper oxygen plants and high quality beds for regional referral hospitals.
The New Vision is with Suzanne Faith and Amaitum Faith.
Joel was so uncomfortable, but he could not tell his mum about the message.
HE IS A GRT GUY.
In a small saucepan, melt the butter.
More in New Vision.
Find out what the operation found out in New Vision #EPAPER-https://epaper.
** Now 5-4 for Ghana.
Uganda AIDS Commission (UAC) was established, by Statute of Parliament, in 1992 under the Office of the President, to ensure a focused and harmonized response.
These were admitted into different universities with only one principal pass, instead of the required two for degree courses.
I met him after he had resigned and was on his way home -- we had a great discussion.
After showcasing their biking talent, Tenywa Hussein and Wasswa Hassan won sh1m courtesy of Post Bank.
Kite, you know why I cared to post?
The incident led the headmaster calling Kapir Police Station to intervene but the students overpowered them forcing the OC to call for reinforcement from the Central Police Station.
Have bought the e-flip paper but now they are telling me to install the latest Adobe stuff.
I am one of the millions of Ugandans who are vaccinated against COVID 19.
Me i don't agree with Baguma to be given a bail now.
Kampala Lord Mayoral race; Babirye defeated Dorothy Mpiima in the Buikwe Woman parliamentary elections and Kakyebezi trounced Wilson Tumwine in the race for Mbarara mayoral seat.
#Ethiopian Dreamliner that was hijacked early today.
Detectives attached to CID are probing the case involving officials from the public service ministry and two microfinance institutions; Letshego and AAR Credit Services Limited alias FIN Credit Uganda Limited.
The entire body should ba parallel to the ground please.
Click this link for details;.
The New Vision is with Jeff Jaffarys and 2 others.
Well, does the exaggerated $500 benefit the local people?
Should Parliament pass a motion which requires an MP to relinquish the seat once appointed a minister?
Then University secretary David Kahunda-Muhwezi confirmed the closure of the account in dfcu Bank at Makerere where the students’ tuition was being deposited.
The good never die they are true legacy.
The Inspectorate of Government (IG) has arrested the former Principal Hospital Administrator of Arua Regional Referral hospital, Peter Okello Odeke, for embezzlement, abuse of office and false accounting.
We Shall Attack for the entire 90 minutes".
#Wuliraeddoboozi: Ssentebe wa Uganda Episcopal Conference omusumba wa Kiyinda Mityana Rev.
Composer of the Uganda National Anthem http://see.
Don’t act when you’re upset.
Quick-fire goals by Jefferson Lerma & Joshua King turned the tables around.
Kenyan army spokesman Major Emmanuel Chirchir said the gunmen entered the western town of Mpeketoni, a trading centre on the main coastal road, and started "shooting people around in town".
Jessica Strauss, have you read this ?
He said that attackers are not ready for any talks and would kill hostages if force is used.
"Who declares Liberia free of Ebola virus transmission in the human population," the UN health agency said in a statement.
The institution’s top decision-making organ, has endorsed a salary increase of over 150% in a move aimed at motivating staff, averting strikes over low pay & improving academic standards.
Urban live in Soroti?
Instead of saying m7 orders to pay his fellas.
Taking all the responsibility of the family.
The others promoted by the Minister of Defense are 2,836 corporal sergeant and 12,690 private corporal.
She disclosed that during a meeting of African curriculum directors in Adis Ababa, Ethiopa, they resolved to address the gaps in education curriculums on the continent.
All eight winners of the all-expense paid trip will spend 3 days and 4 nights at the Seven-star JW Marriot Hotel in Dubai.
The assailants are believed to have broken into the deceased’s house at night after cracking a hole in the wall of the sitting room.
"Nobody in the U.S. can question me or hold me," he said.
Oil fell in Asia on Thursday, ending a brief rally stoked by news US gasoline inventories fell after OPEC kingpin Saudi Arabia shot down hopes for an output cut.
State House further asked for sh10.
When a pilot crashes and tells of conflict in the outside world, she leaves home to fight a war to end all wars, discovering her full powers and true destiny.
Peter Muchuri said that the launch of the product its great milestone for the company and win for the consumers and the country.
Grab a free copy in Sunday Vision #EPAPER- https://epaper.
Dr Diana the woman kneeling before u is old enough to ne your mother, provide a better service otherwise she can afford a mosquito net herself, stop getting praises for petty stuff for media purposes, we all know where the health sector needs to improve.
Even after taking several bottles of alcohol?
Cook chicken, turning, for 5 minutes or until browned.
A court decision on a case in which city businessman, Justus Kashoma is accused of attempting to withdraw about sh815m by fraudulent means from Stanbic Bank, is still pending.
Relationship Tip: Do the things you did the first year you were dating.
The Cover Catch Phrase should have been "LIRA CLASHES: WHY ARE ASIANS KILLING UGANDANS?
Women with mutations in the PALB2 gene face a one in three chance of getting breast cancer by age 70, said the findings in the New England Journal of Medicine.
Through the course of one summer between seventh and eighth grade, Ari makes a number of changes, most of which stem from his self-loathing and issues with body image.
If the deal goes through he will become Tottenham's first summer signing as they prepare for their return to the Champions League.
Meantime, Defence Minister Edgar Lungu is acting president.
Family members of Livingstone Lubega who disappeared in 1997 were advised to hire a tractor that could excavate the hard surface.
I am in love with a lady called Debbie.
The meeting, between the two regional kick boxing sensations, was slated for June 28 at Kyadondo Rugby grounds, but Tugume has revealed he might not honour the fight due to what he called ‘contractual disagreements’.
The crowd has been treated to some tasty football already.
Archimandrite Constantine Mbonabingi called upon Christians and all Ugandans to promote peace, love and unity.
For me, monogamy is the only way," she said.
Nrm should transform Karamong cattle keepers as it transformed the ankole ones.
The Ministry of Education has released the 2012 Grade III Primary Teachers' Colleges examination results indicating a slight decline in performance.
Lord, I will trust in you alone, you are worthy.
His doctors have also advised him to get enough rest before resuming with his shows as he is suffering from fatigue which is greatly affecting his body.
#Nature: Baobab Tree in Kruger Nation Park South Africa .
I wish my country Uganda would emulate such.
Commonwealth Women Parliamentarians (CWP) are expected to vote new leaders later this afternoon as they celebrate 39 years of existence under the Commonwealth.
Nakawa High Court has sent Kampala city socialite Shanita Namuyimbwa aka Bad Black back to Luzira Prison to resume her 4-year-jail sentence.
Aruu County MP Odonga Otto has attacked the leader of the opposition in Parliament Nandala Mafabi for issuing an ultimatum for opposition MPs to refund the sh20m from Govt to monitor NAADS programs in their constituencies.
Tooro o okasemera !
URCS said sometimes rescuers are arrested and charged in cases where the victims they have rescued die or alleged to have lost their property as well as getting more health complications during the rescue.
Now why should they be paid?
Effects rippled worldwide, with about 2,500 flights already cancelled Monday and 800 more on Tuesday, according to flight tracker FlightAware.
Wake up while thinking about what you will be able to achieve today.
People are not calm because they are happy, but they are desperate.
Democratic Party (DP) has announced plans to exhume the remains of their party hero, Bendict Kiwanuka as well as erecting a monument in his honour.
However, city councillors are yet to approve the new concession agreement.
How plan to grab Namavundu land was hatched in ministry of lands.
The government shld make it compulsory for everyone to eat posho in Uganda.
I miss home town Kololo were my child hook was belong.
The state has finalised with the gathering of evidence against a group of suspects in the murder of Susan Magara.
Uganda's smugglers have short memories.
What would you miss the most about Warid, when its sold off?
Dear God, thank you for the provisions that You have given me.
I am a 34-year-old single male.
They destroy the boats and engines and the take away their fuel.
If you are making your way to Namboole Stadium, here is a map that should make your life a bit easier.
#Urbancheckpoint: Can Uganda explore the option of appointing ministers from the general public and not necessarily from Members of Parliament?
The Government wants each Ugandan woman to produce only four children in the next 27 years to curb the acute population growth, a planning expert has disclosed.
This was at Budhumbula, Kamuli district during celebrations to mark Gabula Day, the 13 coronation anniversary of Prince William Gabula Nadiope as the hereditary chief of Bugabula BB chiefdom.
#Spain midfielder Thiago Alcantara is ruled out of the World Cup after a setback in his recovery from a knee injury.
The second rain season has reached its peak in most parts of the country and heavy rainfall will continue upto end of December 2019.
Email existed in a limited capacity before Tomlinson in that electronic messages could be shared amid multiple people within a limited framework.
The New Vision is with Adeke Mary.
But who bewitched this country!
The First Lady Janet Museveni has said that the issue of adolescent girls cannot be the responsibility of government and development partners alone but families must play the leading role in all matters concerning the adolescent girl.
Just IN: Jinja Mayor Baswari Kezaala involved in accident from Luwero rally.
At least 93 people have been struck by lightning and killed in India over the past two days, disaster management officials said Wednesday, as annual monsoon rains swept the country.
Find your dream Job in the New Vision with hundreds of employment opportunities.
Nnaabagereka Sylvia Nagginda and Kampala Capital City Authority (KCCA) Executive Director Jennifer Musisi with Kampala district Councilors celebrate women’s day at KCCA grounds Lugogo on May 8, 2014.
The babies will also be put on ARVs until they are tested for the virus at two months.
Any way, it is job creation.
The other five Wards in Kira Municipality are Bweyogerere, Kimwaanyi, Kira, Kirinnya and Kyaliwajjala.
His words come off his tongue in a way difficult to understand on the receiving end point of view.
However, Inspector General David Kimaiyo said they were not aware that the “White Widow” was married to a former Navy soldier.
A boy looks at a man dressed up as the devil, during the "Diablos y Congos" (Devils and the Africans) festival, in Nombre de Dios, Colon Province, Panama February 18, 2015.
He is officially #football's first-ever billionaire!
Happening NOW: Requiem Mass of the late Christopher Kasami is going on at Rubaga Cathedral.
The ministry of defence is selling its property as well as land that formerly housed the Kiseka Foundation Hospital, in Kampala.
Now which ones are Ugandan hippos?
Almajid, who gave evidence under condition of anonymity to the FIFA inquiry into the corruption allegations surrounding the 2018 and 2022 bid races led by American former federal prosecutor Michael Garcia, only to be controversially outed by FIFA's ethics chief Hans-Joachim Eckert, told weekly football magazine France Football she had been present when offers were made.
Let your accomplishments speak for you".
Photos by Sarah Kagingo.
Just IN: FDC's Geoffrey Ekanya, who threatened to commit suicide in Parliament yesterday, has stormed NRM's Tanga Odoi's office.
TAKE NOTE : TOO MANY PEOPLE TRYING TO APPLY, SOMETIMES NETWORK DELAYS THE RESPONSE EVEN AFTER CREDITING YOUR ACOUNT.
In accordance with article 8 par.
“Getting to Zero: My responsibility” is the year’s theme.
Golden Band singer Maureen Nantume's giveaway function on Thursday quite literally left Mityana paralysed!
The New Vision is with Amanyaruhanga Omuhweju Omusanyufu Johnbosco and 2 others.
Beat until smooth; pour into an 8x8 inch dish.
One of the men came close enough to grab her by the neck.
Subscribe for a digital copy.
In the last days,so many things will happen.
Rita Aliguma has made history by becoming the first female vice president of the Uganda Sports Press Association.
Get a free copy in New Vision for MORE.
If one fasted a day in the month, they would get 10 blessings.
Thread chicken and vegetables alternately onto the skewers.
"The Police and the relatives are now able to clearly identify the bodies of Gerald Oyo, Joseph Oboth , Stephen Owere , Alex Ofwono, and Soka," says Onyango Patrick; the Police Spokesman.
Galabuzi walina okuwangulwa even if it was Makedo yali aja kuwangula.
The registration of SIM cards countrywide commences on March 1 2012, the Uganda Communications Commission (UCC) has announced.
Ethics minister has stood by his word that Franklin Emuobor, the Nigerian who leaked singer Desire Luzinda’s nude photos had been arrested despite the Nigerian outing a video on social media showing him a free man.
To support government efforts of the newborns' survival in Uganda, Plan International Uganda has donated hospital equipment for Neonatal Intensive care units to selected health centres in Kamuli and Buyende districts worth sh121m.
Uganda Cranes fans have arrived in Morocco to support the National team.
The award will recognise upcoming journalists in honor of the CNN executive and former journalist, who succumbed to cancer last year.
Your toothpaste has it and so do the household cleaners.
The church has also set a minimum of five eulogies at every burial.
Railway land encroachers are demanding sh22b in compensation.
Like Pakasa page; .
President Yoweri Museveni Thursday afternoon addresses Parliament just hours from a Russian trip.
That'S Uganda for u, Nicholus!
President Museveni to summon ministers Ecweru, Akiror-https://vpg.
I like his deep voice, fluency and English accent," said Butambala Woman MP Aisha Kabanda.
they will call that Government property.
Arteta too will be sacked.
But with the easing of restrictions, weddings have returned though in a limited manner.
The Kaberamaido drug inspector, Kassim Oyuu, has asked residents who have symptoms of COVID-19 not to go to drug shops and clinics for treatment.
Messy is a problem of upbringing not intelligence.
He gives you the gift of a new day with every single morning.
The Uganda Prison Services on Friday, December 31, 2021 issued a statement clarifying the Covid-19 infection rate saying their positivity rate was 7.
are they going to swim in the indian ocean!
They include national and international organisations, diplomatic missions, and regional institutions .
"We believe it was intentional.
Read the #EPAPER here 👉🏽.
Agnes Ageno Tinkasimire, aged 40, breathed her last Sunday night at the national referral health facility where she had slipped into a coma since Tuesday last week.
The New Vision is with Hanson Ug and 19 others.
Four fighters who were to represent Uganda in the world kick boxing championship scheduled to take place in Nepal have been dropped by the Uganda Kickboxing Federation (UKBF).
We need to fight corruption together because evil is dominating our families and offices," says Archbishop Stanley Ntagali in his #Christmas Day sermon.
Two suicide bombers who struck Brussels were identified Wednesday as brothers linked to the prime suspect in the November 13 Paris attacks, as a manhunt for a third assailant in Belgium's bloodiest terror assault gained pace.
The husband of a pregnant woman who was bludgeoned to death outside a courthouse in Pakistan, has revealed in a grisly twist that he strangled his first wife.
The Sunday Vision - He is single with a live-in housemaid.
New report highlights salary disparities among the government’s public servants.
Another targeted her ear, while another grabbed her wrist.
The Ministry of Health has confirmed 190 new cases of COVID-19 bringing the number of cumulative confirmed cases to 4,291.
Contact 0712-345-678 for details.
President Yoweri Museveni now chairing an open session having held several meetings including one with the UN delegation this morning.
Do you agree with Fifi da Queen?
S a bottle of a soda agun!
Now here goes the never quarrel with a neighbour.
🙏🏽 At the Worship House in Nansana, Pastor Wilson Bugembe preached that nothing is stronger than Jesus Christ - be it family demons, cancer or HIV.
Yeah, cos revenge is 4 God!
We are not there to suffer coz of your corruption that is making low class Ugandans suffer .
Corona virus is not an airborne disease so it doesnt stay in the air it has to be on a surface!
Photos & FULL STORY: #Ebyaffe .
Uganda risks losing property worth billions in Kenya if a new land law is implemented.
At the beginning of October, the World Bank released new global poverty levels indicating the continued decline in percentage of people living below $1.
How to use an elevator without stopping.
Pope Francis's visit to the violence-hit Central African Republic (CAR) remains "on the programme", the Vatican said Monday, but the trip planned for late November would have to be cancelled if fighting in the capital intensifies.
For long i knew him as muslim.
The Isuzu bus (UAH 882R), belonging to Jussy Company, was headed for Kampala before ramming into the smaller vehicle.
Wales coach Warren Gatland conceded his experimental side "got out of jail" as they struggled to a 26-15 win over Italy in the Six Nations on Saturday to equal their best run of 11 straight Test wins.
wat do they represent?
How about WhatsApp-ing them?
God if it is your will burn parliamentary buildings to ashes.
Get the #EPAPER Here -https://vpg.
England'S Football Association has said that it wants to limit the number of non-European Union players in Premier League teams to two in a bid to bolster home-grown talent.
Who is Omukama Ruhanga Owobusobozi Bisaka, and what is the future of his religious organization?
Kiplagat is in Heat 1, Araptany in Heat 2.
He sounded different on the phone and he said he was going for a stormy cabinet meeting but was not so sure he would come out alive.
If I have knowledge but looking for other preciples to make it.
The desire to live longer depends on how you handle your health issues so, do not be forced.
Tourism Minister Tom Butime has officially re-launched primate tourism (gorilla tracking) in Bwindi impenetrable forest.
For inspiration: Raise your words, not your voice.
Never been to an orchestra concert before?
Grab yourself a copy of the Vision.
#Kenyan school in #Eldoret changes tuition fees policy.
But what happened to her lips,?
From losing her father, dropping out of school and being abandoned by her guardian to surviving a terrible car accident, she has overcome a series of challenges to become a Senior Human Resource Manager and motivational speaker.
Mps have urged government to explore the possibility of getting compensation from the United Nations (UN) for the equipment and army officers lost in the recent triple helicopter clash on Mt.
Kabaka urges schools to teach Luganda.
This was perhaps what God intended from the very beginning — a moment when all his children, Anglicans, Muslims, Catholics, and Pentecostals, regardless of their very different backgrounds, came together as one family to do something pleasant in his name.
I hope those killed were not Arsenal supporters.
The New Vision is with Adrone Kanyesigye and Sharlif Mosha Sharlif.
I'M falling in love with a guy I work with.
Walai tugenda kubasiza tubagobe nemunjju zaabwe.
Others go watch football or other entertainments which appeal to them” he said http://see.
Double GOLD FOR MO: Mo wins, Kipsiro last in tough 5000m final.
If he had stollen 1b, he would have given the judge 50m only and you hear that there was no substantial evidence.
Banange, jobs ahaaaaaa !
Embattled minister for the Presidency Kabakumba Masiko has officially tendered in her resignation to the President.
Kampala - The minister of security, Muruli Mukasa has said Government is setting up a centre to monitor social media content deemed to be of a security threat to the country.
Rugunda moves to calm tempers in Acholi and Madi land conflict.
Find out why the Police want him.
SIA said in a statement Flight SQ368 was en route from Singapore to Milan when an engine oil warning message forced it to turn back to the city-state.
A fire gutted Nairobi’s St. Georges Girls High School on Saturday night.
Police have impounded over 60 bodabodas for wrong parking in Kampala city centre.
S statement reflects what the holy book says.
Some of the retiring generals have already launched bids to run for political office ahead of the 2021 general elections.
Some of us have been brought up by them.
Updf has captured ammunition and household equipment in a fresh attack on Joseph Kony’s LRA rebels in the Central African Republic.
#Ferguson unravels as demonstrators clash with police.
Help us to always find comfort in You and to know that you alone is God.
Kajara said that total of Sh7b that belonged to Amber house has been transferred to consolidated fund .
Shame shame harassing small kids in some places that is normal by own father relatives etc.
Online free smart fone app for selling and buying things in uganda only.
“Our attitude can be seen in our character, how we approach things, what our beliefs are, our perspective on issues, how we approach life and our position on topics.
R Uganda likes or not.
who ever wants just enter.
The speaker of Parliament, Rebecca Kadaga launched Omo FAST action at Speke Resort Munyonyo recently.
To the general tax paying public, Uganda Revenue Authority (URA) has deactivated Kenya Commercial Bank (KCB)from the URA portal.
73%) Prof Barya has polled 33,135 (0.
Mr odilo fred your prediction goes through ori big!
Reuters: #Kenya Red Cross says at least 15 killed in #Nairobi shopping mall gun attack, more casualties expected.
Since you have decided to work with the Police, go to the mortuary at Mulago and pick your body,” the kidnappers said -- see more at: https://goo.
Why would one trust the same police that told us they had rescued her and the driver, when actually the sister paid all the ransom, and the two were dropped in a bush in kanungu, did a boda to a nearby trading centre.
We are located in Wampewo on Gayaza road opposite the play ground.
As many as 21 ministers lost their parliamentary seats in the February 18 elections.
By Charles ArikoPRISON authorities are investigating circumstances under which a man spent two days in Luzira Women�s Prison ward.
Nup has no national outlook, says Prof.
Everywhere is dust in Uganda, OMG!
Two weeks later striker Emmanuel Emenike also announced his retirement from international football.
Ahead of World AIDS Day, Haimi and Ruth get down to some real talk: HIV.
She was also the Associate Editor of The Observer Media at the time of her death.
Six Anglican clerics carried the coffin into St George's Cathedral, where the Nobel Peace laureate once railed against white rule and was formerly archbishop, and placed it near the altar.
My priority has always been the health and safety of the players and fulfilling my duty of care as a doctor".
Good Morning from Kampala.
From the Mars Ingenuity helicopter's first powered flight on another world to the launch of the James Webb telescope that will peer into the earliest epoch of the Universe, 2021 was a huge year for humanity's space endeavors.
She said that Barclays Bank will cater for all travel documents for the selected people as this is one of the open markets to their customers.
Tusker Project Fame Digital Auditions at Grip and Sparkle.
In OIL &GAS: PIPELINE: DISTRICTS NEED LAND RATES.
It is being declared on earth like in the heavenlies, that the Peace of God far beyond human understanding dwells in Uganda.
Opinion: Will Suggestion boxes work?
Students who want to access Government loans for their tuition fees, can now start applying, in a few days’ time.
And while you should strive to make a powerful and brilliant impression, an occasional question or clarification won’t discount your abilities but it may help you squeeze through a tricky situation with your reputation intact.
People can be careless.
any political, social or economic reason would not make sense to hijack your plane and be a criminal".
5b loss purportedly incurred by his company, Solid State Limited.
Let's pray for you.
'I had some social security; I enjoyed some respect and admiration and I had a field to occupy and some commitments to exercise but now I am just there.
Flights being watched extra carefully include: Air India Ahmedabad to Mumbai, and Mumbai to Kochi.
Two people were admitted to an isolation centre at Rushoroza Health Centre III in Kabale district on Monday.
At first, she thought it was normal for a man to beat his wife, but when she listened to stories from other women, she realised that it had become a habit that needed to be stopped.
It’s not doing something for someone else because they can’t, but because you can”.
Happening NOW: Uganda National Examinations Board is releasing the 2015 O' Level exams results.
Get the story in the New Vision- https://vpg.
Have faith in God.
Makerere University lecturers have called off their strike.
Go a way with yo selfish interests!
Nearly one in four people in Somalia are facing acute hunger as drought ravages the conflict-wracked country, following three seasons of poor rains and a fourth on the way.
May God uphold you !
So I Thank God 4 Better Service got.
Earlier: The Makerere University Guild voting exercise at different polling stations.
The party aims at opposing all anti-people parasites who want to eat food and have wealth without working.
President Kaguta Museveni at the Public lecture in the memory of Ssekabaka Edward Muteesa II: "I also suffer from bad advisors.
The New Vision is with Bosco Okia and 10 others.
Kabushenga makes a plea for 12m shillings so the figure can be rounded off to 300m and Sudhir Ruparelia duly obliges!
Good for Regional cooperation and Development, it is sign of transparency.
Jim Muhwezi & Kamugasha.
I have been in a relationships for two and a half years but the lady I trusted cheated on me.
Watch live in our Digital Experience App available on Adroind and iOS.
The New Vision is with Junior Mentor and Moses Nathan Muhangi.
why Obama meet such?
Its more harm than good.
1 Mans Meat Z Anazas Poison.
Everyone has his own idea of good and evil and must choose to follow the good and fight evil as he conceives them.
Win Millions of shillings in cash as we search for the most gifted twins on one stage.
The New Vision is with Jonathan Pana.
David Sejjusa aka Tinyefuza's imagination.
'Turn to Allah and you will find His Mercy heal every aching part of your heart and soul.
Do a full-body workout followed by a day of rest.
David #Greenhalgh, the former lover of #Bad #Black, is back in the news.
Sprinkle basil on top.
They had commandeered 5 buses to travel to a protest, but were stopped by corrupt police officers in the city of Iguala, Guerrero and handed over to a drug cartel.
Nabagereka Primary school with over 1,000 pupils and over 52 staff was razed down by court bailiffs this morning after Uganda Land Commission reportedly leased it off to Boost Investments Co. Limited.
Footage of Kampala City Council Authority (KCCA) finally evicting Nasser Ssebagala this afternoon from the town clerk’s house at Sezibwa Road in Nakasero.
Avoid caffeine, eating and drinking right before bed.
We thank God for his life -- a purposeful life, truly lived in the service of humanity.
Updf warns politicians against involving soldiers in campaigns, details in the New Vision.
Delivering her judgment on Wednesday, High court Judge, Jane Kiggundu said Nyangasi's actions were uncivilized and needs to be away from society for good.
Ssesanga is accused of stealing more than 38 million shillings - See more at: .
Stopping them from receiving titles isn't a solution.
Court of Appeal Justice Geoffrey Kiryabwire is battling with Mbale-based businessman Stephen Wekomba over ownership of the land in question.
Move on to a new story.
“Since I am the only girl among my five brothers, they all love to be with me, but I love being with Wasswa most because we were born in the same hour".
What ov uganda air.
Kayihura ARRESTED OVER KAWEESI .
Ivan Bogere fails to improve The Hippos' lead just before the break - but they are leading the hosts #Tanzania🇹🇿 in the CECAFA U-20 Challenge Cup final.
Barbie Kyagulanyi speaks out on the arrest of her husband Hon.
#Qatar airways flight lands in Manchester surrounded by armed Police over a reported onboard 'device.
21 new cases have been confirmed in Uganda, bringing the total number of cases to 248.
Who'S this mumbere guy?
In a bid to curb the increasing cases of Covid-19, the Rotary club of Sonde has embarked on a campaign to create awareness to the communities on how to fight the pandemic.
Sudan'S ruling generals and protest leaders reached a "full agreement" on the constitutional declaration, the African Union has said, paving the way for transitioning to civilian rule.
If you mess with these guys, say invade their space in a bar, they will draw the "toy" just to ensure you respect their teritory.
The New Vision is with Kisenyi Alex.
“He was knocked by the behind of the tipper after it failed to climb the hill at Isenda village,” Mulimira said adding the tipper was carrying sand and the boy was following it.
According to eyewitnesses, residents had chased the baboon, blocking all corners of escape.
By the end of the 2014/15 financial year, our economy will be $28b.
Mothers to have eight antenatal visits .
Sunday Vision has the exclusive #EPAPER-https://vpg.
Fourteen years ago her son graduated from Makerere University.
#Inthenewvision: The former MTN revenue officer Angella Ayo has been grilled over the loss of sh10b in fraudulent mobile money deals.
A special NRM caucus meeting held at State House Entebbe resolved that the embattled minister for presidency, Kabakumba Masiko, should do "the honourable thing' and resign.
This is not a time for partisan politics.
Men'S 800m over, at least Mutekanga beat 1 person.
Children vending fruits and bathing sponges on Acacia Avenue in Kampala recently.
A student who was reported missing for two weeks was found at local artiste Michael Mukwaaya, aka Mickie Wine’s home.
Southern region police commander Simon Peter Wafana confirms 13 dead.
Fdc became stronger when we expélled him thru election bse we knew him as a lion putting on a sheep skin.
Another armed attack on African MPs in South Africa has threatened to derail the fourth extraordinary plenary session.
Naguru hides a sprawling mass of humanity living in makeshift shacks with no running water, limited latrine facilities and their meagre income make basic needs like school and medical care beyond reach.
Like many of her neighbours in this poor farming area, the 28-year-old easily found a local broker and quickly became a victim of Bangladesh's thriving but illegal organ trade.
Protest as court acquits 69-year-old over defilement, murder, Details of this story in the New Vision.
The controversial exemption, given to politicians under the auspices of their posts being newsworthy, could end as soon as this week on the leading social network, the news site said.
Merkel said in a TV interview.
Check out & like Pakasa Vision for interpretation and more.
Let him call his friend weevil.
Are exams for 2020 0r 2021 or 2020/ 2021?
He later on forced me to join other schools.
We learn from every step we take.
#Rastoon President Museveni has said Uganda loses about sh1.
Is it an activity every business should do?
He was arrested alongside investigative journalist Hopewell Chin'ono, who remains in prison on similar charges.
The New Vision is with Alison Moore Orator.
The New Vision is with Elvis Kyambadde.
Uganda's Stephen Kiprotich finished sixth in the annual event that started with a 30-second tribute to the victims last week's Boston Marathon.
The New Vision is with Ssekitooleko Emmanuel and 2 others.
#Fact: Until 1974, it was Illegal to appear in public in Chicago if you were ugly.
The report is due to be presented to parliamentary speaker Rebecca Kadaga before the end of this month.
"For the record, I did not change my name.
Salary: Abu Dhabi: Sh2.
70,000 jobs up for grabs in local council polls.
and where will the MSC students come frm to do the PhD.
The electoral commission gazetted July 10 as Election Day for LC1 elections across the country.
After killing inocent pipo know buh u hold hands.
Uganda was been chosen to hold the first such ACTIVATE talk, which took place at the Serena International Conference Center's Victoria Hall on 28 February 2014, from 4pm to 6pm.
Over 60 former street children in Kampala have graduated in various vocational skills.
Road has been graded without marram and it is as slippery as liver on a banana leaf.
Catch up with Urban Television for more.
She became the first dental Surgeon from her district and started her own practise a year after school.
Now: Final assault underway to flush out gunmen in bloody Kenya #westgate mall attack that has over 39 dead.
” Generally, that boring question will yield a boring answer such as, “Fine, how was yours?
Acellam was captured nine months ago.
Researchers said the salt and chemicals used in preserving sausages, ham, bacon and other processed meats increased the risk of dying young, in a study that included over a half of million otherwise healthy people in 10 European countries.
Three people have been confirmed dead while sixteen others are hospitalised following a suspected Cholera Outbreak in Kigorobya Sub-county, Hoima district.
In a large skillet, melt butter in oil over medium heat.
Inrelationships: Kissing plays a vital role in choosing and keeping partners-Study reveals.
They are on police remand," Virendra Yadav, police chief of Gandhinagar city, told AFP.
17 trillion supplementary budget request.
Join us for the Gospel Truth Seminar this October 19th & 20th live with Andrew Wommack at the Lugogo Hockey Grounds.
Tumwine has already been exposed in Mbarara - Northern By High way, that one is finished, asiigaara.
2b) at Garden city mall four years ago.
The friendly is part of training for the Cubs ahead of their third round return leg against Zambia’s Young Chipolopolo at the same venue on Saturday, September 27.
Unique stability of the Forex market is caused by the fact that currency is one of the most liquid and reliable trading instruments.
Despite continued fighting, the rivals signed a deal in neighbouring Ethiopia to fix key military sections of the deal, including how many troops each side will have in the capital Juba.
Dear Lord, thank you for watching over me and my loved ones through the night.
With both Uganda and Zimbabwe certain to roll out their biggest personalities, there will be a number of mouth-watering head-to-head match-ups.
The first 4 in each Heat advance to the final.
Osman of Djibouti wins 50m freestyle Heat 2 of 8.
Is there anything you would like to know about HIV/AIDS?
Minutes before the end of 2019, Christians at Kololo are in worship.
The Uganda National Farmers Federation (UNFFE) is spearheading the farmer-led digitalisation system to enhance the uptake of technology in farming.
Even on election day no tensions.
Grab yourself a copy of.
The pastor who prayed with Ugandan team bitten by athletics bug, to watch 5000m Wednesday.
Intelligence is a weird thing.
Maracha district health Officer Dr Paul Onzubo has condemned actions of an Imam and an LC 1 chairman who were pushing for eviction of a COVID-19 patient from where she rented after she tested positive.
Now imagin when those whom we give money cry then how abt us who give?
Please heal the sick and help us put an end to COVID-19.
The Volleyball Cranes' setter is a very reliable player in crunch moments of a game.
More than 30 wounded people are being treated after this afternoon's explosion that tore through a shopping complex in Nairobi's business district.
The Consortium for enhancing University Responsiveness to Agribusiness Development (CURAD) has been singled out and rewarded after emerging Africa’s best in respect of creating jobs for the youth through supporting the development of different agricultural value chain systems.
Entebbe Express way nears completion.
'Music is not cheap to make.
Young entrepreneurs have been awarded by Pakasa.
"In what country do we live, where young people die, suffer?
Photo by Michele Smorgon.
Is it resistance or another strain found its way out again?
Government is drafting a Bill to make patriotism mandatory for all Ugandans to love and defend their country.
Joseph Batte analyses Sheebah Kalungi's penetration into the international scene on the show "Music News".
Happy Jamhuri Day Kenya.
Another foot pilgrim knocked dead as she crossed the road in Kampala and body has been taken to Mulago hospital.
Prime Minister Robinah Nabbanja has ordered the cancellation of a tender for the construction of a road in Kyegegwa district, following complaints of shoddy work.
We look forward to many more years of serving Ugandans together.
But you're playing with fire today that's more powerful than you realize.
Pour broth and tomatoes into the pot; bring to a boil, add the rice, and stir.
Leave that teacher alone.
The alleged officers and rebels were also arrested.
Lukwago is not convinced that UTODA can continue to efficiently manage transport in Kampala http://see.
3% currently, a new report has indicated that majority of Ugandans infected with the virus prefer keeping their status a secret.
Ly see what is working elsewhere and benchmark.
Nrm Caucus backs compulsory Government acquisition of land-Find details in the Sunday Vision-https://vpg.
Hope this time #new_vision went upto grass root level b'se they have been biased in their previous posts by omitting fact files 4 their selfish political ambitions to cause disunity in northern uganda.
Deputy Secretary to Treasury Keith Muhakanizi told MPs that in case Basajjabalaba fails to pay; Government will sell off the properties that he deposited with Bank of Uganda as security for the payment.
We accept products from all East African countries while some slap us in the face.
Why isn't Ndejje also covered?
Newcastle'S Premier League clash at Everton on Thursday has been postponed after a coronavirus outbreak in Eddie Howe's squad.
Beauties take a #Pakasa3 selfie.
The eyes behind thick spectacles rolled as he searched, in his mind, for a witty response.
#Urbanupdates: Government has warned the public against buying masks from vendors.
Golden Kiplimo is in the NewVision, grab your copy now.
17% of women said "financial stability" was the most important quality in a successful relationship, according to a survey.
What is killing Uganda’s agricultural sector?
President Yoweri Museveni is today scheduled to meet the bereaved family in Buziga, Kampala.
"If my parents had not invested in me right from an early age, Uganda would not have Bebe Cool," he said.
“Don’T Let Yesterday Take Up Too Much Of Today”.
Her Christmas wish is to enjoy a meal together with her grandchildren, daughter-in-laws, and other family members.
There is a temporary diversion of Ugandan trucks at the Uganda-Rwanda border of Katuna.
So how has all these inputs effect the life of our African brothers and sisters?
Hmmmmmm these lawyers are now even ashaming Ug ,kale i thnk m7 z now getting free comoedy kale ebitabo byafilaki!
Find the full story in today's New Vision.
The event opens the 2021 Motorcycling Association (MAU) calendar.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon has warned there is a "real and present danger" of Russia trying to destabilise three Baltic states.
This does not surprise anyone by the way.
Mine is doing well with ma children as shareholders.
Police FC coach Sam Timbe has promised to take the fight for the Azam Uganda Premier League title to the giants at all costs.
The New Vision added 6 new photos — with Jimmy Kwoba and 11 others.
That is why we read and intanalyze Ganda but if Kabila is not wrong then he should not buy any idea from the Ug.government.
Rioting in protest of a court decision amounts to contempt of court.
Thank YOU MZEE,WE HOPE FOR BETTER SECURITY .
“If the situation continues like this, we will begin giving them porridge for lunch.
A tooth 4 atooth ,an 4 eye 4 eye.
Makindye Division West Member of Parliament, Allan Ssewanyana arrested as police foil demonstration in Makindye over sewage flowing from Kiruddu Hospital.
Pope Francis, who is suffering from a cold, has tested negative for the coronavirus, an Italian newspaper reported Tuesday, as Italy battles Europe's worst outbreak.
#Kiprotich eyes gold on 'perfect' #Moscow course.
To all beloved ones of NV .
Release identities of two attack suspects.
Photo: #UPDF acrobatics at #Tarehesita in Moroto.
Something African leaders don't want to hear about their earthly heaven,China .
The New Vision is with Vinnievito Stfan.
Arthur Wentwroth was at the forefront of the development of spinal taps, or lumbar punctures.
The rapper was reportedly 'worried' that she would continue her bid to restrict his custodial rights.
In one of the homesteads, a family sits under a papaw tree shelling groundnuts: 53-year-old Otto Aldo, his wife Pauline Ayenyo, 29, and their four children.
In the picture belwo the twin on the left has smoked 17 years longer than the twin on the right.
According to police, officials from the Department of Community Policing under the Directorate of Chief Political Commissariat, are meeting with all local council leaders from the districts to chart ways of fighting crime as a team.
The New Vision is with Abeja Sebastian Karugaba.
This photo may show violent or graphic content.
Monsignor John Baptist Kauta, the secretary to the Uganda Episcopal Conference, has said that Pope Francis expressed gratitude for his invitation, but regretted his failure to come to Uganda as originally slated.
Testing for HIV/AIDS just became easier.
Unfazed, he started from almost the ground up.
The New Vision is with Job Amooti Nyakana.
And to think Kagame is now the current East African Community head!
7b for a new three-year project to support mental health and livelihood programmes for communities in 22 conflict-prone districts across Uganda.
The New Vision is with Ivan Leve Holy and 5 others.
His work so impressed the management that he was offered a permanent position and in no time rose through the ranks to the position of deputy head teacher.
1973: Sudanese President Jaafar Nimeiry officially opened a bridge on the Uganda-Sudan border named in his honour at Oraba, West Nile.
Have a good one.
Counsel Mbabazi also mentions the issue of biometric machines.
Find a friend or relative whom you like and trust who also wants to establish a healthier lifestyle.
"And when you take handwritten notes you 'process' or learn more information.
Details of this story in Saturday Vision.
Find out what it is about.
Does army support have a bearing on the outcome of Uganda's presidential elections?
Age LIMIT RULING SO FAR .
Get UAE VISA IN JUST 4 DAYS.
He was rushed to the nearby BAI hospital where he was pronounced dead on arrival.
45b Dirham (about sh1.
Soak them on a jar of vinegar and salt overnight.
Happening NOW: #ADF leader Jamil Mukulu being paraded in Nalufenya, Jinja in a press conference by IGP Kale Kayihura.
This is the beginning to the end of the ADF and their actions' - Brig.
In today's New Vision.
Will NRM team win back Kampala?
Father Alex Okello of St. Peter Claver Catholic Church parish cautioned Christians to avoid lavish lifestyle during the Easter holidays sayings.
Now who told bad black nti u make a payable adverts minus putting ink on paper.
This is Malakal, #SouthSudan: A once bustling town wrecked by war.
The Archbishop of the Church of Uganda, Stephen Kaziimba, has put out an appeal to Christians and well-wishers to contribute sh60,000 to among others support the Church to repay the loans.
The Kisenyi II parish councillor and National Resistance Movement (NRM) chairperson for Kampala Central, Salim Uhuru has conceded defeat in the recent local council party elections for Kampala Central.
With the bar set high, does Nakakande have what it takes to break all records before her?
Harriet Mujuni, a teacher at Cleverland Parent’s School notes that parents serve as a major influence in their children’s career development and career decision-making.
Any news about the schools?
🔊 This Sunday, the 64th Commonwealth Parliamentary Conference will kick off in Kampala, with over 800 delegates participating.
This was at a visit by Kenyatta to see off his fallen colleague the first deputy Premier of Uganda, Eriya Kategaya, who died at Nairobi Hospital on Saturday.
The New Vision is with Friyyo Wízkìd Prëzzô and Philippa Kendinga.
On allegations that she belongs to 2 parties, Hon Beti Kamya says she exercised her democratic right by applying to become a member of NRM.
Thank you heavenly Father for the gift of life.
Ugandans living in chronic poverty, a condition characterised by extreme want and deprivation for basic human needs, have reduced to about 10% from 26% in the last five years.
Daniel Edyegu I’d like to sit down with you and give you information that you have failed to gather as a journalist.
Follow yo hrt bro, y wld u marry sm one u dont luv.
Saleh surrenders land to Govt.
#Breakingnews: Gun men have openned fire in an up market area of Westlands in Nairobi Kenya.
After all salmi who did she steal it from may be a thief also coz how can a foreigner have dat money dashed out like he was investing!
Let that loan be regerded as handshake and life moves on.
Hope I will be given VP invitation to attend the ceremony.
You were born too Rule.
The dead are all Primary one pupils who were burnt beyond recognition.
Kitalo, when is funeral?
Witness at Kampala Bugolobi - Felt another tremor at 1 something, felt the ground move and heard birds outside making alot of noise!
The World Health Organization considers someone with a BMI of 25 kg/m2 as overweight, and 30 kg/m2 or higher as obese -- see more at: https://goo.
The G7 has unveiled US-led plans to counter China in infrastructure funding for poorer nations, and a new accord to battle future pandemics, as the elite group advertised Western unity at its first in-person summit since 2019.
At the time of his death, Justice Twinomujuni had been promoted to the Supreme Court in June this year, having served as a Court of Appeal judge for a long time.
Westgate Mall is frequented by foreign nationals.
Only three councilors were against.
Western countries have donated million of their vaccines to help other nations to prevent a more serious outbreak.
Newvision didn't use the kids picture because its a good practice in journalism not to use minor's pictures.
Uefa Champions League is played, Play with U-Bet Uganda and be a champion: https://goo.
Police Spokesperson Ibin Ssenkumbi confirmed the incident and identified the dead woman as Juliet Nabukenya 25years and a tailor operating on the verandah next to the building under construction.
The forum will use these business leaders’ unique stories to provide insights into mindset change, personal responsibility to success and hard work.
Police has urged members of the public to be vigilant and report any suspicious people in their neighbourhood and abandoned items like boxes, bags, mobile phones and radios.
They believe breast milk heals cancer and HIV/AIDS.
Coup PLOT:UPDF FIRES 4 OFFICERS .
Cattle farmers have finalised preparations for the establishment of a sh18b ($7m) modern abattoir to enable them export meat products abroad.
The AFFORD Project, managed by the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health Center for Communication programs and funded by USAID closed as Uganda Health Marketing Group’s launched its strategic plan at the UHMG offices, in Ntinda recently.